A,0.laomaotaowinpe.com,yes,"Associated with malware/potentially unwanted programs, often related to Chinese-language software or download sites."
NS,06works-plus.com,no,Seems to be a Japanese business offering website design and hosting services. Part of the Technology/Web Services industry.
NS,10022020newfolder1002002231-service1002.space,yes,"The domain structure is highly suspicious (long, random-looking combination of numbers, 'newfolder', 'service', 'space' TLD). Likely used for phishing, command and control (C2), or other malicious activities."
NS,10gamestop.com,yes,Tries to impersonate the legitimate retailer GameStop (gamestop.com). This is a classic Typosquatting/Phishing attempt.
NS,11degrees.org,no,"A foundation based in the UK, aiming to transform education. Part of the Non-profit/Education sector."
A,12chnesstdywealthandmoduleorganisationrn.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,[suspicious link removed],yes,"The domain name is a long sequence of numbers resembling a phone number, which is unusual for legitimate business but common in spam/scam/malware infrastructure."
NS,13pope.com,no,"Appears to be a personal blog or site, possibly related to a specific user or topic. Difficult to determine a clear industry, but not inherently malicious."
A,15wsdychneswealthandmoduleorganisationcv.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,166e61.com,yes,A domain that appears to be randomly generated (a short string of hex characters). This structure is frequently used for malicious campaigns.
A,178.ip-92-222-70.eu,yes,"This is a reverse DNS record pointing to an IP address that has been historically associated with malicious activity, including phishing and malware hosting."
A,1812.img.pp.sohu.com.cn,no,"A subdomain of sohu.com.cn, a major Chinese internet portal and media company. This is a legitimate image hosting service used by Sohu. Part of the Media/Internet industry."
A,1874.img.pp.sohu.com.cn,no,"A subdomain of sohu.com.cn, a major Chinese internet portal and media company. This is a legitimate image hosting service used by Sohu. Part of the Media/Internet industry."
A,1l04.timeisletitgo.ru,yes,Appears to be a subdomain of a domain (timeisletitgo.ru) that has been associated with distributing malware and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
NS,1nojavan.com,no,"Appears to be related to the Iranian youth market or media (""nojavan"" means youth/adolescent in Persian). Part of the Media/General industry."
NS,1podcast.best,no,"Seems to be a site focused on podcasting, potentially a directory or hosting service. Part of the Media/Entertainment industry."
NS,1podcast.xyz,no,"Similar to the above, focused on podcasting content or services. Part of the Media/Entertainment industry."
NS,2017cancel-stopactionnow.info,yes,"Highly suspicious domain name using keywords like ""cancel"" and ""stopactionnow,"" suggesting a possible scam, unwanted software, or fraudulent service offering."
NS,2018.zone,no,"A domain that could have been used for a specific event or project related to 2018. The TLD .zone is generic. Without more context, it is not clearly malicious."
NS,20gb-internet-kullan.com,yes,"Domain name suggesting a free 20GB internet offer (""kullan"" is Turkish for ""use""). This is a common tactic used in phishing or bait-and-switch scams to trick users into providing personal info."
NS,20gbaktiflestirturkiye.com,yes,"Another domain pushing a free 20GB internet offer for Turkey (""aktiflestir"" is ""activate""). A likely scam/phishing domain."
NS,20gbhediye.com,yes,"Domain name suggesting a free 20GB gift (""hediye"" is ""gift""). A common tactic used in phishing or bait-and-switch scams."
NS,20gbinternet.gratis,yes,"Domain name promoting free 20GB internet using the .gratis TLD, a frequent choice for fraudulent offers. A likely scam/phishing domain."
NS,20gbkazanmafirsati.com,yes,"Domain name suggesting a 20GB winning opportunity (""kazanma fιrsatι"" is ""winning opportunity""). A likely scam/phishing domain."
NS,20gbverdimgitti.com,yes,"Domain name implying a failed 20GB offer (""verdιm gitti"" is roughly ""I gave it away""). A likely scam/phishing domain."
A,224001.selcdn.ru,no,"A subdomain of selcdn.ru, which is the CDN (Content Delivery Network) service provided by Selectel, a major Russian cloud and hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Internet Infrastructure industry."
A,24hourdentistlondon.co.uk,no,A legitimate UK-based dental service providing emergency 24-hour care in London. Part of the Healthcare/Dental Services industry.
A,2xmy.timeisletitgo.ru,yes,Appears to be a subdomain of a domain (timeisletitgo.ru) that has been associated with distributing malware and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
NS,30gb-internet.com,yes,"Similar to the 20GB domains, this promotes a free 30GB internet offer, a common scam/phishing tactic."
NS,360digitalclick.com,no,A digital marketing agency focusing on various online advertising and SEO services. Part of the Marketing/Advertising industry.
A,3addictions.com.au,no,"An Australian retailer specializing in various products, often in fashion or unique gifts. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
NS,3b9.ru,yes,"A short, random-looking domain name often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes (spam, malware)."
NS,3cf.ru,yes,"A short, random-looking domain name often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes (spam, malware)."
A,3q9h.timeisletitgo.ru,yes,Appears to be a subdomain of a domain (timeisletitgo.ru) that has been associated with distributing malware and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,3vc6.seeanu.ru,yes,"A subdomain of a site (seeanu.ru) that has been identified as hosting malicious content, potentially a dropper or command and control (C2) server."
NS,3ypackaging.com,no,Appears to be a packaging and container supply company. Part of the Manufacturing/Supply Chain industry.
A,4.top4top.io,no,"A subdomain of top4top.io, which is a legitimate, albeit sometimes hosting objectionable content, general-purpose Image and File Hosting service."
A,41.110.199.35.bc.googleusercontent.com,no,"This is a reverse DNS entry for a Google Cloud IP address, often used by legitimate customers for hosting. It's a valid part of Google's Internet Infrastructure/Cloud Computing services."
A,4c8ida.db.files.1drv.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of 1drv.com, which is the domain for Microsoft OneDrive file storage. It's a link to a file hosted by a OneDrive user. Part of the Technology/Cloud Storage industry."
A,4mco.com.pk,no,"Appears to be a Pakistan-based company, possibly in marketing, e-commerce, or consulting. Part of the General Business industry."
NS,5121188.com,no,Likely a Chinese-language website or directory service based on the name (similar to a service hotline or popular number). 
NS,51xiaowai.cn,no,"A Chinese-language website, possibly focused on education or travel (""xiaowai"" can mean ""outside the campus""). Part of the General industry."
NS,52d043de7c7accd8.com,yes,"The domain name is an unusual, long hex string, highly indicative of being a randomly generated domain (DGA) for command and control (C2) or other automated malicious activities."
A,8.laomaotaowinpe.com,yes,"Associated with malware/potentially unwanted programs, often related to Chinese-language software or download sites."
A,911.sos-empleados.net,yes,"The domain structure (subdomain 911, and the main domain being sos-empleados.net) is highly suspicious, possibly trying to lure users with an emergency or work-related crisis."
NS,9779.info,no,"A simple number domain, often used for information, gaming, or a specific service."
A,a.coolbreeze.uk,no,"A subdomain for a UK-based business, likely a small business or service provider."
A,a.seeanu.ru,yes,"A subdomain of a site (seeanu.ru) that has been identified as hosting malicious content, potentially a dropper or command and control (C2) server."
A,a.top4top.io,no,"A subdomain of top4top.io, which is a legitimate, albeit sometimes hosting objectionable content, general-purpose Image and File Hosting service."
A,a0417340.xsph.ru,yes,"A subdomain using a generic hosting provider's (xsph.ru) subdomain pattern with an arbitrary name, a method often used to host temporary malware or phishing pages."
A,a1.att.hudong.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of hudong.com, a large Chinese interactive encyclopedia/wiki service. Part of the Media/Internet industry."
NS,aaacityremovalist.com,no,An Australian company specializing in removal and relocation services. Part of the Logistics/Moving industry.
NS,aaload05.top,yes,"Part of a known pattern of suspicious ""load"" or ""update"" domains used for drive-by downloads or malware distribution."
NS,aawsc.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,abecedariodelautomovil.com,no,"A website, likely Spanish, focused on an ""alphabet"" or comprehensive guide to automobiles. Part of the Automotive/Information industry."
NS,aboutyukle.net,yes,"The domain name includes ""yukle"" (Turkish for ""download/upload""), and is highly generic/suspicious, likely related to distributing unwanted software or scams."
NS,acasadibarbara.it,no,"An Italian domain, likely a personal or small business website (""The house of Barbara""). Part of the General industry."
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,"A subdomain of gutterhalment.com, which is a known typosquatting or brand-hijacking domain impersonating a gutter service."
NS,acdesignhub.com,no,"A design-focused company, likely offering graphic, web, or architectural design services. Part of the Creative Services industry."
NS,acquaparkalphaville.com,no,"A domain for an aquatic park/leisure center, likely in Brazil (Alphaville is a common name there). Part of the Tourism/Entertainment industry."
NS,acrosmoor.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,activemanlike.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,acuraonline.co.nz,no,"Appears to be an online presence for an entity named Acura in New Zealand, possibly a dealership or service. Part of the Automotive/Retail industry."
NS,adamtcarruthers.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Adam T. Carruthers. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,adinamed.com,no,Appears to be a company in the medical or pharmaceutical sector. Part of the Healthcare/Medical industry.
A,admin.mymagno.com,no,A legitimate-looking administrative subdomain for a business named MyMagno.
A,admin.playfash.com,no,A legitimate-looking administrative subdomain for a fashion-related business named PlayFash. 
NS,adobeflashplayer2lisans.com,yes,"Uses keywords like ""Adobe Flash Player"" and ""lisans"" (Turkish for ""license""). This is a common tactic to distribute PUPs or malware by masquerading as a necessary software update or installer."
NS,aeengineering.net,no,"An engineering firm, likely providing consulting or contracting services. Part of the Engineering/Construction industry."
NS,aeii.net,no,Appears to be a technology or consulting company using a short acronym. Part of the Technology/General industry.
A,aestheticlasercentre.co.za,no,A South African clinic specializing in aesthetic laser treatments. Part of the Healthcare/Cosmetics industry.
NS,aetruckmaint.com,no,A company specializing in truck maintenance and repair services. Part of the Automotive/Service industry.
NS,afmobgne.com,yes,"A short, random-looking domain name often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes (spam, malware)."
NS,afmogopne.com,yes,"A short, random-looking domain name often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes (spam, malware)."
NS,afterwardsgood.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,againbut.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,agoam.bid,yes,"Uses the .bid TLD, which is frequently associated with low-quality, spammy, or scam sites. The name is short and generic."
NS,agonizedwrithin.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,ajibolarilwan.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Ajibola Rilwan. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,ak.imgfarm.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of imgfarm.com, a service that provides image and media hosting for various online properties. Part of the Technology/Media Hosting industry."
NS,akademikomunitas.id,no,"An Indonesian domain related to ""Community Academy,"" likely an educational institution or initiative. Part of the Education industry."
NS,alchemistrywork.com,no,"A company or project related to ""alchemistry work,"" possibly a consulting firm or creative endeavor. Part of the General industry."
NS,alexkreeger.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Alex Kreeger. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,alkalabs.cf,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .cf TLD. The short, technical-sounding name is often used for quick-setup, disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,allarrived.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,allenservice.ga,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .ga TLD and a generic name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,alligatorgatesandpanels.com.au,no,"An Australian company specializing in gates, panels, and security barriers. Part of the Construction/Security industry."
NS,allpetsandpaws.com,no,"A website likely dedicated to pet care, products, or services. Part of the Pet Industry/Retail industry."
NS,alluringuk.com,no,"A UK-focused website, likely related to tourism, lifestyle, or retail. Part of the General/Travel industry."
NS,allvague.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,almashghal.com,no,"An Arabic-language domain, possibly related to business or work (Almashghal means workshop/factory). Part of the General industry."
NS,almazdental.ru,no,"A Russian dental clinic or service (""Almaz"" means diamond). Part of the Healthcare/Dental Services industry."
NS,alphauniforms.ae,no,A uniform supplier or manufacturer based in the UAE. Part of the Manufacturing/Retail industry.
A,alpretreat.com.au,no,"An Australian company, possibly specializing in pre-treatment services for materials or manufacturing. Part of the Industrial Services industry."
NS,alsiniora.com,no,Appears to be an e-commerce or retail brand. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry.
NS,altoinfor.co,no,A technology or information services company. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
NS,alucmuhendislik.com,no,"A Turkish engineering firm (""Muhendislik"" is engineering). Part of the Engineering/Construction industry."
NS,aluga-design.de,no,A German design or creative services company. Part of the Creative Services industry.
NS,alvaroalarcon.cl,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Alvaro Alarcon in Chile. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,ambao.bid,yes,"Uses the .bid TLD, which is frequently associated with low-quality, spammy, or scam sites. The name is short and generic."
A,amirunico.ddns.net,yes,"Uses the ddns.net dynamic DNS service, which is frequently abused by attackers to host C2, phishing, or malware due to the ease of setup and ability to change IP addresses."
A,amos.im.https://www.google.com/search?q=alisoft.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of https://www.google.com/search?q=alisoft.com (part of Alibaba Group), historically related to the AmOS project or other Alibaba software. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,amplereview.freetu.com,yes,"A subdomain of freetu.com, which has been historically associated with aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
A,ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of DigitalOcean, pointing to a bucket in their Amsterdam 3 datacenter. DigitalOcean is a major US-based cloud hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Cloud Computing industry."
A,amsoft.co.in,no,An Indian software development or IT services company. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
A,anaekppy2initalystdymedicalconsultant.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
A,anaekppystdy4initalymedicalconsultancy.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,anamikaindanegas.in,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Anamika Indanegas in India. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,ananyafashion.com,no,"A business focused on fashion, likely a retailer or designer. Part of the Retail/Fashion industry."
NS,andbeautiful.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,andlancholy.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,andonis.co.uk,no,"A legitimate UK-based business, likely a restaurant, catering service, or other local enterprise. Part of the General industry."
A,andreabo1.myftp.biz,yes,"Uses a dynamic DNS service (myftp.biz) known for high abuse rates, often to host phishing or malicious content."
A,anemia.xgamegodni.pl,yes,"A subdomain related to a non-existent or suspicious domain (xgamegodni.pl), which often distributes malware or engages in fraudulent activity."
NS,anexcursion.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,anf.gov.pk,no,"The official domain for the Anti-Narcotics Force (ANF) in Pakistan, a government agency. Part of the Government/Public Safety sector."
NS,anjelo-directhelp.de,no,"A German site for ""direct help,"" possibly a support or consulting service."
NS,ankarasogukhavadepo.com,no,A Turkish company specializing in cold storage and warehousing in Ankara. Part of the Logistics/Storage industry.
A,anlacviettravel.com.vn,no,A travel agency in Vietnam. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,ansarihospital.in,no,An Indian hospital or medical facility. Part of the Healthcare industry.
NS,answerwent.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,answethough.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,ant-icons.vn,no,"A Vietnamese site likely related to design resources, specifically icons. Part of the Design/Software industry."
A,antiga.cinemaencurs.org,no,A subdomain for a non-profit organization focused on cinema education or art. Part of the Non-profit/Arts industry.
NS,apartfrom.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,apbfiber.com,no,A company likely involved in fiber optics or telecommunications. Part of the Telecommunications industry.
NS,apertosib.ru,no,"A Russian domain, possibly related to real estate, travel, or services in Siberia."
A,api.weibo.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Weibo, a major Chinese social media platform, used for application programming interface (API) calls. Part of the Technology/Social Media industry."
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Apple by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (srv-woa1.com).
A,apps1.bdimg.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting application-related content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,apps2.bdimg.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting application-related content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,apps3.bdimg.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting application-related content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
NS,aqasw.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,aquahub.co.ke,no,"A Kenyan business, likely dealing with water, plumbing, or aquatic supplies. Part of the Retail/Service industry."
NS,arasscofood.com,no,A food or catering company. Part of the Food & Beverage industry.
A,arbeiderspartij.be-spry.co.uk,yes,Uses the name of a political party (Arbeiderspartij - Workers' Party) and a generic hosting/redirect domain (be-spry.co.uk) to potentially host a scam or deceptive political content.
NS,archard.me,no,A personal or professional portfolio website. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,ardenteknoloji.com,no,A Turkish technology company. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
NS,arianegerkens.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Ariane Gerken. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,artshoppe.co.za,no,A South African retailer selling art supplies or finished art. Part of the Retail/Arts industry.
NS,arufels.com,no,"A generic domain; without content, it's not clearly malicious. Part of the General industry."
NS,asegs.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,ashis.jutobimpex.com,no,"A subdomain of a company called Jutob Impex, likely in import/export or general trade."
A,askaig.co.uk,no,"A legitimate UK-based business, possibly a local service or accommodation. Part of the General industry."
NS,askmufti.org,no,A site where users can ask questions to a Mufti (an Islamic scholar who interprets religious law). Part of the Religious/Information sector.
NS,asload01.top,yes,"Part of a known pattern of suspicious ""load"" or ""update"" domains used for drive-by downloads or malware distribution."
NS,asload02.top,yes,"Part of a known pattern of suspicious ""load"" or ""update"" domains used for drive-by downloads or malware distribution."
NS,assetsoption.com,no,"A site likely related to finance, investing, or asset management. Part of the Finance industry."
NS,asteitalia.cf,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .cf TLD and a generic name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,asxzb.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,athenscollisionctr.com,no,"An auto body and collision repair center, likely in Athens, USA. Part of the Automotive/Service industry."
NS,atlcourier.com,no,"A courier or delivery service, likely in Atlanta, USA. Part of the Logistics/Delivery industry."
NS,atn24live.com,no,A domain likely related to a news or media network that broadcasts live content 24 hours a day. Part of the Media/News industry.
A,att2.citysbs.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of citysbs.com, which belongs to Shanghai City Commercial Bank (or a similar entity). Part of the Finance/Banking industry."
A,attack.xssa.net,yes,"Contains the word ""attack"" and is on a known testing or suspicious network domain (xssa.net). Highly indicative of security testing, exploitation, or malware."
NS,aurumboy.com,no,"A generic domain; ""Aurum"" means gold. Could be a brand, blog, or store. Part of the General industry."
NS,autodrim.pl,no,"A Polish automotive site, possibly a repair shop, dealership, or parts supplier. Part of the Automotive industry."
NS,automatischer-staubsauger.com,no,A site focused on automatic vacuum cleaners (German). Likely a review site or e-commerce store. Part of the Retail/Home Goods industry.
NS,auxilioenergiacovid19.com,yes,"A suspicious domain leveraging COVID-19 and ""energy aid"" (Spanish/Portuguese). Likely a scam or phishing attempt related to government relief programs."
A,auxiliumassessoria.com.br,no,"A Brazilian company offering consulting or advisory services (""assessoria""). Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,avocat-valeriewatrin.com,no,A French domain for a lawyer named Valerie Watrin. Part of the Legal Services industry.
NS,awetq.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,awevz.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,awsww.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,awsxb.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,axsac.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,axset.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,azarevi.bean-brilliant.ru,yes,"A subdomain of bean-brilliant.ru, which has been associated with hosting malicious content or being part of an aggressive advertising network."
A,azureautomation.co.uk,no,"A UK business focused on automation solutions, likely related to Microsoft Azure cloud services. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry."
A,b.adventh.org,yes,"A subdomain of adventh.org, a domain identified as being used for aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
A,b.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
NS,babelaeui.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,badidiap.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,badlyneeded.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,badmildiou.com,yes,"A generic, odd name that is not typical of a legitimate business and is highly indicative of temporary/malicious infrastructure."
A,banana.automaxcenter.ro,no,A subdomain of a Romanian automotive company. 
A,banbao.chazidian.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of chazidian.com, a Chinese dictionary or reference site. Part of the Education/Reference industry."
NS,bandicapital.com,no,A financial services or investment company. Part of the Finance/Investment industry.
NS,bankss-71.ml,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .ml TLD and a name that suggests a financial lure/scam (""bankss""). High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,baranacarpet.com,no,A business specializing in carpets or flooring. Part of the Retail/Home Goods industry.
NS,baritaco.com,no,"A generic domain, likely a business or brand name."
NS,barmitzvahswag.com,no,A retailer providing promotional items or gifts related to Bar Mitzvah celebrations. Part of the Retail/Event Services industry.
NS,barrowlong.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,batdongsanbentre.com.vn,no,A Vietnamese real estate website for the Ben Tre province. Part of the Real Estate industry.
A,[suspicious link removed],no,"A subdomain of zuggmusic.com, likely used to host specific content or a project by the owner. Part of the Music/Entertainment industry."
A,batteriesinsight.co.za,no,A South African site providing information or sales related to batteries. Part of the Technology/Retail industry.
NS,baybars.xyz,no,A generic domain that may be used for a personal or business site (Baybars is a historical name). 
NS,bbfjjf8.com,yes,"A randomly generated, short domain name, highly indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes (spam, malware)."
A,bbs.familydoctor.com.cn,no,"A legitimate subdomain of familydoctor.com.cn, a large Chinese healthcare and medical information site, hosting its forum (BBS). Part of the Healthcare/Media industry."
A,bbs.lenxiu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of lenxiu.com, a Chinese website, likely hosting its forum (BBS). Part of the General industry."
A,bbs.ntefy.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of ntefy.com, a Chinese website, likely hosting its forum (BBS). Part of the General industry."
A,bbuseruploads.s3.amazonaws.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Amazon Web Services (AWS), indicating user uploads to an S3 storage bucket. AWS is a major US-based cloud hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Cloud Computing industry."
A,bdimg.share.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for image sharing content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
NS,beachbeaty.com,no,"A domain likely related to beauty, cosmetics, or lifestyle products for the beach. Part of the Retail/Beauty industry."
NS,beadded.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,bearsselection.xyz,no,"A generic domain, possibly an e-commerce store or review site. "
NS,beastonly.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,beautegrity.dweb.in,yes,"A subdomain on the dweb.in domain, which has been identified as hosting malicious content and/or aggressive adware."
NS,beautifuoman.tk,yes,"A likely typo-ridden, generic name using the free, often abused .tk TLD. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,becausewere.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,beck-architekt.de,no,A German domain for an architect named Beck. Part of the Architecture/Construction industry.
NS,bedelighted.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,beemerbenz.com,no,"A site likely related to BMW and Mercedes-Benz automobiles, such as a fan site, repair shop, or parts retailer. Part of the Automotive industry."
NS,beeps.my,no,"A Malaysian domain, likely a business or service using a short, memorable name. "
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,"A subdomain of nualias.com, which is a domain identified as being used for aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
NS,bellefonte.net,no,"A generic domain, possibly related to a specific place named Bellefonte. "
NS,berkhangungor.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Berkhan Gungor. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,bestweget.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,beta.enerbras.com.br,no,"A testing or staging subdomain for Enerbras, a Brazilian manufacturer of electrical and plumbing products. Part of the Manufacturing industry."
A,beta.rocketsystems.nu,no,A testing or staging subdomain for a company named Rocket Systems. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
NS,betopceo.com,no,"A site likely related to business, leadership, or professional development. Part of the Business/Education industry."
NS,betweenhigh.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,bg142.caliphs.my,no,A subdomain of a Malaysian internet service/hosting provider. 
NS,bibpap.com,no,"A generic domain, possibly a business or brand name. "
NS,biendaoco.com,no,"A Vietnamese domain, likely related to signage or advertising. Part of the Marketing/Manufacturing industry."
NS,bigbatman.bid,yes,"Uses the .bid TLD, which is frequently associated with low-quality, spammy, or scam sites. The name is generic/gimmicky."
NS,bigdealist.com,no,"A site likely focused on deals, discounts, or e-commerce. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
NS,biggames.online,no,A domain focused on online gaming. Part of the Gaming/Entertainment industry.
NS,billieellish.org,no,"A fan site, news site, or general presence for the artist Billie Eilish. Part of the Entertainment/Music industry."
NS,bimbelplus.com,no,"An Indonesian/Malay domain for a tutoring or educational institution (""Bimbel"" is short for Bimbingan Belajar, or tutoring). Part of the Education industry."
A,bin1.kns1.al,yes,"A domain on the Albanian TLD (.al) with a generic, short name that has been observed in hosting malicious content."
A,biocircle.co.za,no,"A South African company, likely involved in environmental services or sustainable products. Part of the Environmental/Retail industry."
NS,bisaneema.org,no,"An organization or project, possibly related to culture or art. Part of the General industry."
NS,bisnishack.com,no,"A site, likely Indonesian/Malay, focused on business ""hacks"" or tips. Part of the Business/Information industry."
A,bizapp.qq.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of Tencent's QQ service (a major Chinese internet company) used for business-related applications. Part of the Technology/Internet industry.
NS,bizbizeyeteriz20gb-hediye.net,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promising a ""20GB gift"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,bjpgqsc.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,bjzksj.com.cn,no,"A Chinese company, likely in technology or manufacturing. "
NS,bjzm365.com,no,"A Chinese company, likely in technology or e-commerce. "
NS,black-tipped.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,blackrockgl.com,no,"A business using the name Blackrock, possibly in finance, construction, or consulting. "
A,blog.m1905.com,no,"A legitimate blog subdomain of m1905.com, a Chinese film and media website. Part of the Media/Entertainment industry."
A,blog.yimg.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Yahoo!, used for hosting content related to their blogs. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,blog1.520wawa.com,no,A legitimate blog subdomain of a Chinese entertainment or lifestyle site. 
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,"A subdomain of findgutterhelmet.com, which is a known typosquatting or brand-hijacking domain impersonating a gutter service."
NS,bmitl.net,no,"A generic domain, likely a business or technology company. "
A,bmw.et.ntust.edu.tw,no,"A subdomain of a Taiwanese university's engineering technology department, likely used for specific internal projects or information. Part of the Education sector."
NS,bnaimitzvahswag.com,no,A retailer providing promotional items or gifts related to B'nai Mitzvah celebrations. Part of the Retail/Event Services industry.
NS,bochka-dub.ru,no,"A Russian site specializing in wooden barrels (""bochka-dub"" is oak barrel). Part of the Retail/Manufacturing industry."
NS,bocongan113vn.com,no,"A Vietnamese domain, possibly related to law enforcement or emergency services (113 is an emergency number). Part of the General industry."
NS,bodyandzon.se,no,"A Swedish site focused on health, wellness, and fitness. Part of the Health/Wellness industry."
NS,boghole.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,boldfield.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly in consulting, finance, or real estate. "
NS,borawebservicioscl1.com,no,"A company offering web services, likely Latin American (based on ""cl"" in the name). Part of the Technology/Web Services industry."
A,bosah.webredirect.org,yes,"Uses the highly suspicious and abused dynamic DNS service webredirect.org, often used to host temporary malware or phishing pages."
NS,boscanatural.com,no,A brand or retailer focusing on natural or organic products. Part of the Retail/Health industry.
NS,bostoncelticsradionetwork.com,no,A fan site or media platform for the Boston Celtics basketball team. Part of the Sports/Entertainment industry.
NS,bovientix.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,boxroomat.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,bradmccrady.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Brad McCrady. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,brand-choices.com,no,"A site likely related to brand consulting, marketing, or e-commerce reviews. Part of the Business/Marketing industry."
NS,bratfeldt.com,no,"A generic domain, likely a personal or business site with a family name. "
A,brave.ebod.co.uk,yes,A subdomain on a generic/suspicious UK domain (ebod.co.uk) often used for redirects or aggressive advertising.
NS,brighgreen.tk,yes,"A likely typo-ridden, generic name using the free, often abused .tk TLD. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,brightstore.com.ng,no,A Nigerian e-commerce or retail store. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry.
NS,brisbaneair.com,no,"A business, likely in aviation, air conditioning, or related services in Brisbane, Australia. Part of the General industry."
NS,brouwercc.nl,no,"A Dutch domain, possibly related to a specific person or business (Brouwer is a common Dutch name). Part of the General industry."
NS,btc-chenger.site,yes,"The domain name is an obvious misspelling (""chenger"" instead of ""changer"") of ""BTC-Changer"" and uses the often-abused .site TLD. This is a classic Typosquatting/Scam for cryptocurrency services."
A,bucketstrong.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Amazon Web Services (AWS), indicating a storage bucket in their US-West-1 datacenter. Part of the Technology/Cloud Computing industry."
NS,budgetpoolsbrisbane.com,no,"A company offering budget-friendly pool services or construction in Brisbane, Australia. Part of the Construction/Home Services industry."
A,buja.org.il,no,An Israeli non-profit or organizational domain. 
NS,burrinsurance.com,no,An insurance agency or brokerage firm. Part of the Finance/Insurance industry.
NS,business-expert.md,no,A business consulting or professional services company in Moldova (.md). Part of the Business Services industry.
NS,buydishtv.in,no,An Indian retailer or service provider for Dish TV. Part of the Telecommunications/Retail industry.
A,bw1q.ccisisl.top,yes,A random-looking subdomain on a suspicious generic TLD (.top). High risk of being used for malicious redirects or content.
NS,byxon.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,c...content-available-to-author-only...e.org,yes,"This is a highly suspicious pattern with internal, filtered content, strongly suggesting a malicious or highly sensitive/private link that has been redacted."
A,c...content-available-to-author-only...n.org,yes,"This is a highly suspicious pattern with internal, filtered content, strongly suggesting a malicious or highly sensitive/private link that has been redacted."
A,c.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,c.teamworx.ph,no,"A legitimate subdomain of teamworx.ph, a company likely focused on employment, consulting, or software. "
NS,c1vfsbk.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,c9f44961.ngrok.io,yes,"Uses the ngrok tunneling service, which is frequently abused by attackers to mask their location and temporarily host phishing or command and control (C2) pages."
A,caitlingunning.co.za,no,A personal or professional website for an individual named Caitlin Gunning in South Africa. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,calabriasportfishing.com,no,"A company offering sport fishing tours or services in Calabria, Italy. Part of the Tourism/Entertainment industry."
A,callisto.co.in,no,"An Indian company, possibly in technology, consulting, or finance (Callisto is a common name). Part of the General industry."
NS,camerawind.com,no,"A domain likely related to photography, video, or equipment. Part of the Retail/Media industry."
NS,campana20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB campaign"" (Spanish/Italian), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,campialibertatii.ro,no,"A Romanian domain for an entity named ""Câmpia Libertății"" (The Field of Liberty). "
NS,canghaisan.com,no,"A Chinese company, likely in manufacturing or trade. "
NS,canload.xyz,yes,"A generic, suspicious name on a generic TLD (.xyz), suggesting a quick-setup site for a generic function, often for malicious purposes."
NS,capitallfundsinvestment.com,yes,"A domain using ""capital funds investment"" but with a misspelling (""Capitall""). This is a common phishing or financial scam pattern (typosquatting on finance terms)."
A,careprop.co.za,no,"A South African company, likely in property management or real estate. Part of the Real Estate industry."
NS,cargoglobe-ltd.com,no,An international shipping or logistics company. Part of the Logistics/Shipping industry.
NS,caroline-bell.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Caroline Bell. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,caroplex.co.za,no,"A South African business, likely in automotive or related services. Part of the General industry."
A,cars.constructionwitness.net,no,"A subdomain of constructionwitness.net, likely a business providing expert witness services in construction disputes, with a focus on automotive-related cases. Part of the Business Services/Legal industry."
A,casadospa.com.br,no,"A Brazilian business, likely a spa, salon, or wellness center (""Casa do Spa""). Part of the Health/Wellness industry."
NS,caspianwoodworking.com,no,A woodworking or custom cabinetry business. Part of the Construction/Manufacturing industry.
NS,cassiagumrefined.com,no,"A company dealing with cassia gum, likely a supplier or processor in the food or chemical industry. Part of the Manufacturing/Supply industry."
NS,castmart.ga,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .ga TLD and a generic name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,catsmith.co.uk,no,"A legitimate UK-based business, possibly a local service or professional. Part of the General industry."
NS,caude368.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,cauvip79.com,yes,"A domain with a generic, non-business name, often used for online gambling, scams, or malicious redirects."
NS,caveaudelteatro.it,no,"An Italian domain, likely a cultural or theatrical entity (""Vault of the Theater""). Part of the Arts/Entertainment industry."
NS,ccmlongueuil.ca,no,"A Canadian domain, likely related to a local community center or business in Longueuil, Quebec. Part of the General industry."
NS,cctvcirebon.id,no,An Indonesian business providing CCTV and security services in Cirebon. Part of the Security/Technology industry.
A,cdn.0068555.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.114633.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.711100.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.824555.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.duitang.com,no,"A legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) subdomain for Duitang, a Chinese lifestyle and image-sharing platform. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,cdn.jin0044.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.js182.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,cdn.wu8188.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese content provider or web service, used as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). "
A,centerpieces-with-feathers-for-weddi.blogspot.ca,no,"A subdomain of Blogger (owned by Google), hosting a personal or commercial blog. Part of the Blogging/General industry."
A,centerpieces-with-feathers-for-weddi.blogspot.com,no,"A subdomain of Blogger (owned by Google), hosting a personal or commercial blog. Part of the Blogging/General industry."
NS,centromusicalpaternense.es,no,A Spanish domain for a musical center or association. Part of the Arts/Education industry.
A,centurylaw.vyudu.tech,yes,"A subdomain of vyudu.tech, which has been identified as hosting aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
NS,cerisiers.be,no,"A Belgian domain (""Cerisiers"" means cherry trees), likely a local business, accommodation, or personal site. Part of the General industry."
NS,cesaco.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly in consulting or trade. "
A,cf19834.tmweb.ru,yes,"Uses a generic Russian hosting provider's (tmweb.ru) subdomain pattern with a random/numerical name, a common method for hosting temporary malware or phishing pages."
NS,cfbdhcwm.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,chachagong5.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,chamberstimber.com,no,"A company dealing with timber, wood products, or construction materials. Part of the Construction/Manufacturing industry."
NS,chansteqindia.com,no,An Indian technology or consulting company. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
NS,chantdownproster.com,no,"A generic domain, likely a blog or media site. "
NS,chapaitoday.com,no,"A news or media website, likely focused on a specific region (Chapain) or a local edition. Part of the Media/News industry."
NS,chatmusic.xyz,no,A site focused on music-related chat or social interaction. 
NS,chattosport.com,no,"A site focused on sports-related content, news, or commerce. Part of the Sports/Entertainment industry."
A,cheapness.byefelicia.fr,yes,A subdomain of a site (byefelicia.fr) that has been associated with distributing adware and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,cheaptours.in.ua,no,"A travel agency offering inexpensive tours, likely in Ukraine. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry."
NS,cheesecakery.com.br,no,A Brazilian bakery specializing in cheesecakes. Part of the Food & Beverage/Retail industry.
NS,chefsandro.pt,no,A Portuguese domain for a chef or cooking-related business. Part of the Food & Beverage industry.
NS,cherinetiles.com,no,A business specializing in tiles or flooring. Part of the Construction/Retail industry.
A,chidieberedanielegbukasingaporemonni.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,chileindependiente.cl,no,"A Chilean domain (""Independent Chile""), likely a news, political, or advocacy group. Part of the General industry."
NS,chinacxyy.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,chinajiaoan.cn,no,"A Chinese domain, likely related to education or teaching materials (""jiaoan"" means teaching plan). Part of the Education industry."
NS,chinatyres.net,no,A Chinese business focused on tires or automotive products. Part of the Automotive/Manufacturing industry.
A,chinese2stdy3profesionalandhealthanalyz.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,chinesevie.com,no,"A domain, possibly related to Chinese culture, media, or lifestyle. "
A,chnes14wealthandstdymoduleorganisationoo.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
A,chnes17wsdywealthandmoduleorganisationui.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
A,chnesstdywealthandmoduleorganisationap16.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,choicemobiledetailing.com,no,A mobile auto detailing or cleaning service. Part of the Automotive/Service industry.
NS,christ4business.org,no,A Christian organization focused on business principles or networking. Part of the Non-profit/Religious sector.
NS,christinelebeck.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Christine Lebeck. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,chronic.com.hk,no,A Hong Kong business domain. 
NS,chungcu-ct8-theemerald.com,no,"A Vietnamese domain, likely for a specific real estate development or apartment complex. Part of the Real Estate industry."
NS,chungcuvincity-hn.com,no,"A Vietnamese domain, likely for a specific real estate development (Vincity) in Hanoi. Part of the Real Estate industry."
NS,cicerano.com,no,"A generic domain, possibly a business or brand name. "
NS,cieindia.com,no,"An Indian business, likely in consulting, engineering, or international trade. Part of the General Business industry."
A,cienciassocialesuaz.com.mx,no,A Mexican university or institution focused on social sciences. Part of the Education sector.
A,citraclean.co.id,no,"An Indonesian company, likely offering cleaning or sanitation services. Part of the Service industry."
NS,citybiliardo.com,no,"A site focused on billiards, likely a club, retailer, or information resource. Part of the Entertainment/Retail industry."
A,citycentergroup.co.in,no,"An Indian business group, likely in real estate or development. Part of the Real Estate/General Business industry."
NS,cjemskayyoor.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,ckittri.dustbesides.ru,yes,"A subdomain of dustbesides.ru, which is a domain identified as being used for aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
NS,clara-wintertag.de,no,"A German personal or creative website (""Clara Winter Day""). "
NS,clarityupstate.com,no,"A business, likely in consulting, therapy, or professional services, serving the upstate region of a state (e.g., New York, South Carolina). Part of the Business Services industry."
A,classic.theinflammatorytruth.com,no,"A subdomain of theinflammatorytruth.com, a site that appears to be focused on alternative news, commentary, or a specific political/social issue. "
NS,classicink.biz,no,"A business focused on ink supplies, printing, or tattoos. Part of the Retail/Service industry."
NS,claudioespinola.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Claudio Espinola. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,cle.ae,no,"A short, generic domain in the UAE, likely a business acronym. "
A,clients.flatearth.co.uk,no,"A legitimate subdomain for clients of flatearth.co.uk, a UK digital agency or creative firm. Part of the Technology/Creative Services industry."
NS,clinicapromaxi.com,no,A medical clinic or healthcare provider. Part of the Healthcare industry.
A,cloud-server-updater2.co.za,yes,"A suspicious domain name that uses ""cloud-server-updater,"" a classic tactic to trick users into downloading malware or a PUP masquerading as an essential update."
NS,cloudcast.best,no,A domain focused on cloud-based broadcasting or streaming services. 
A,cloudlogo.co.za,no,"A South African business offering logo design or branding services, possibly cloud-based. Part of the Creative Services industry."
NS,cloudofficemx.com,no,"A company offering cloud-based office or IT solutions, likely targeting the Mexican market. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry."
NS,cloudsharemx.com,no,"A company offering cloud-based file sharing or storage, likely targeting the Mexican market. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry."
NS,cloudthrive.co,no,A technology or consulting firm focused on cloud computing. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry.
NS,cltmusic.com,no,"A site related to music, possibly a record label, artist, or resource, likely in Charlotte (CLT), North Carolina. Part of the Entertainment/Music industry."
A,clubemacae1.com.br,no,"A Brazilian website, likely for a club, business, or community in Macaé. "
A,cn44588.tmweb.ru,yes,"Uses a generic Russian hosting provider's (tmweb.ru) subdomain pattern with a random/numerical name, a common method for hosting temporary malware or phishing pages."
NS,cninin.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,cocktailors.de,no,"A German site for a cocktail-related business, likely catering or mixology training. Part of the Food & Beverage industry."
A,cocohou.com.au,no,"An Australian business, likely in e-commerce, fashion, or home goods. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,codeload.github.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of GitHub, the major software development platform, used for downloading code archives. Part of the Technology/Software Development industry."
NS,coldcreekauction.com,no,"A business specializing in auctions, likely in real estate, antiques, or general goods. Part of the Retail/Auction industry."
A,colegioarbitrosargentinos.com.ar,no,An Argentine domain for an association or college of referees. Part of the Sports/Education sector.
A,collidach.co.uk,no,"A legitimate UK-based business, possibly a local service or professional. Part of the General industry."
NS,com-macbook-mend.systems,yes,"Uses a suspicious, long domain structure and the .systems TLD, trying to lure users with keywords like ""Macbook"" and ""mend."" Likely related to tech support scams or PUPs."
A,comlogica.co.in,no,"An Indian company, possibly in technology or IT services. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry."
NS,compdata.ca,no,"A Canadian company, likely providing data, consulting, or technology services. Part of the Technology/Business Services industry."
A,complain.viratbharat.com,no,"A subdomain of an Indian-focused site, possibly a media or news outlet, dedicated to complaints/feedback. "
NS,complience.com,yes,"A misspelling of ""compliance"" (typosquatting). This is a common tactic for phishing to impersonate legal or corporate services."
NS,compowood.ru,no,A Russian company dealing with composite wood or building materials. Part of the Construction/Manufacturing industry.
NS,computersblogfromus32.top,yes,"A suspicious-looking, keyword-stuffed domain on a low-reputation TLD (.top). High risk of being used for malicious content or scams."
NS,comunedipratiglione.it,no,The official website for the municipality (Comune) of Pratiglione in Italy. Part of the Government/Public Sector industry.
NS,conceptclaro.com,no,"A company offering consulting, design, or business conceptualization services. Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,congnghevienthong.com,no,"A Vietnamese domain, likely related to telecommunications technology. Part of the Technology/Telecommunications industry."
A,congtynguyenbinh.com.vn,no,"A Vietnamese business (""Cơng Ty"" means company). "
A,conn.elrooted.com,yes,"A subdomain of elrooted.com, which has been identified as hosting aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
A,conquer.wybconsultores.cl,no,"A subdomain of a Chilean consulting company, possibly a specific product or project name. "
NS,consolone.it,no,An Italian business domain. 
NS,consultantglobalinternational.com,no,A company offering international consulting services. Part of the Business Services industry.
NS,conxibit.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly in technology or events. "
NS,copticpope.org,no,"An official or affiliated website for the Coptic Pope, the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church. Part of the Religious sector."
NS,corapersianas.com,no,"A business specializing in blinds or shutters (""persianas""). Part of the Retail/Home Goods industry."
NS,coronavirusmaps.pro,yes,"A domain leveraging the ""coronavirus"" keyword and the low-reputation .pro TLD. Historically, domains related to COVID-19 have been used for phishing and malware distribution."
NS,coronetsfrank.ug,yes,"Uses the Ugandan TLD (.ug) with a generic, non-business name, often used for disposable malicious or scam infrastructure."
NS,corpsure.in,no,"An Indian company, likely in corporate services, legal, or finance. Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,cosmea.pl,no,"A Polish business, possibly in cosmetics, beauty, or general retail. Part of the Retail industry."
NS,countbox.us,no,"A business or service related to counting, tracking, or analytics. Part of the Technology/Business Services industry."
NS,covid-saglikbakanligi.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain leveraging COVID-19 and the ""Ministry of Health"" (Turkish). This is a classic phishing/scam attempt impersonating a government entity for relief programs."
A,cow.gutterheaters.org,yes,"A subdomain of gutterheaters.org, which is a known typosquatting or brand-hijacking domain impersonating a gutter service."
A,cp31245.tmweb.ru,yes,"Uses a generic Russian hosting provider's (tmweb.ru) subdomain pattern with a random/numerical name, a common method for hosting temporary malware or phishing pages."
A,cq15773.tmweb.ru,yes,"Uses a generic Russian hosting provider's (tmweb.ru) subdomain pattern with a random/numerical name, a common method for hosting temporary malware or phishing pages."
NS,cqjcc.org,no,"A non-profit or organizational domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,craftcollectible.com,no,A site focused on selling or discussing craft items and collectibles. Part of the Retail/Arts industry.
A,createyourfuture.org.uk,no,A UK-based non-profit or educational organization focused on career development or future planning. Part of the Non-profit/Education sector.
A,creatives.globaltronics.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of globaltronics.net, likely for their creative or design team/resources. "
NS,creditdamageconsultant.com,no,A professional or business offering credit repair or damage consulting services. Part of the Finance/Business Services industry.
NS,crestanads.com,no,"A domain, possibly related to advertising or marketing services. "
A,crimea.videonablyudenie.center,no,"A subdomain of a site focused on video surveillance (Russian: ""видеонаблюдение""), possibly targeting the Crimea region. Part of the Security/Technology industry."
NS,crowe.llc,no,"A business (LLC) using the name Crowe, often an accounting or consulting firm. Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,cryline.net,no,A generic domain name. 
A,csdi-dlstatic.tennoio.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of tennoio.com, likely used as a content delivery network (CDN) for static download content. "
NS,csegurosural.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly in insurance or finance. "
NS,csszsz.hu,no,"A Hungarian domain, likely an acronym for a local business or organization. "
NS,ctadamsauthor.com,no,A personal/professional website for an author named C.T. Adams. Part of the Arts/Publishing industry.
NS,cupid.ninja,no,"A fun, catchy domain name, likely a dating app, social network, or humorous site. Part of the Technology/Entertainment industry."
NS,cursodehebraico.com,no,A site offering a course in Hebrew (Portuguese/Spanish). Part of the Education industry.
NS,cvswv.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,cvxsw.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,cwhrealestate.com,no,A real estate company or agency. Part of the Real Estate industry.
A,d.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,d.teamworx.ph,no,"A legitimate subdomain of teamworx.ph, a company likely focused on employment, consulting, or software. "
A,d.top4top.io,no,"A subdomain of top4top.io, which is a legitimate, albeit sometimes hosting objectionable content, general-purpose Image and File Hosting service."
A,d01.res.meilishuo.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Meilishuo, a large Chinese social e-commerce fashion site, used for resource hosting. Part of the Retail/Technology industry."
A,d02.res.meilishuo.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Meilishuo, a large Chinese social e-commerce fashion site, used for resource hosting. Part of the Retail/Technology industry."
A,d17.yihaodianimg.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Yihaodian, a major Chinese e-commerce grocery retailer, used for image hosting. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
NS,dacsancaonguyen.vn,no,A Vietnamese domain focused on local specialties or products from the Central Highlands. Part of the Retail/Food & Beverage industry.
NS,dacviadokese.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,daihatsuarmadapurwokerto.com,no,An Indonesian Daihatsu dealership or service center in Purwokerto. Part of the Automotive/Retail industry.
NS,dailymuktobangali.com,no,"A news or media website, likely focused on the Bengali community. Part of the Media/News industry."
A,daiohs.com.tw,no,"A Taiwanese company, likely a subsidiary of a larger group, possibly in office services (Daiohs Japan is a major office service provider). Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,danielapintusarte.it,no,"An Italian domain for an individual named Daniela Pintus, likely a personal or art portfolio. Part of the Arts/Personal industry."
NS,darbouazza.ma,no,"A Moroccan domain, likely related to a place or local business in Dar Bouazza. Part of the General industry."
NS,dardash.info,no,"A generic informational site, possibly Arabic (Dardash means chat/gossip). "
NS,daricci.de,no,"A German business, possibly in fashion, retail, or consulting. "
A,darkmedia.devarts.pro,no,"A subdomain of devarts.pro, a company that appears to be involved in software development or web services. "
A,dat.zoosnet.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of zoosnet.net, a Chinese provider of online customer service software. "
A,data.ni1688.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of ni1688.com, a Chinese e-commerce or business site, hosting data resources. "
NS,datenhaus.info,no,"A German domain (""Data House""), likely a technology or consulting company. Part of the Technology/IT Services industry."
NS,dauwmedia.nl,no,A Dutch media or production company. Part of the Media/Entertainment industry.
A,dc-bb9cd3fef904.playstationgame.tk,yes,"A highly suspicious, complex, and seemingly randomly named domain using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging ""playstationgame."" Likely a scam, phishing, or malware distribution site."
A,ddl7.data.hu,no,A legitimate file hosting or download subdomain of a Hungarian data service. 
A,debility.adelgazar360.es,no,A subdomain of a Spanish-language site focused on slimming/weight loss. 
NS,deccart.pl,no,"A Polish business, possibly in e-commerce or design. "
NS,dehkadenovin.com,no,"An Iranian business, possibly in e-commerce or retail. "
NS,deitmer.info,no,"A generic informational site, likely a personal or business website with a family name. "
A,dejoostes.co.za,no,"A South African business, possibly a local service or professional. "
NS,dekhoresellers.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD and a generic/suspicious name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,delamargm.cl,no,"A Chilean business, likely related to a specific person or product. "
NS,delights.pk,no,"A Pakistani site, likely focused on food, retail, or lifestyle. Part of the General industry."
A,demo.caglificioclerici.com,no,"A demonstration subdomain for caglificioclerici.com, an Italian company. "
A,deni6.deninet.hu,no,A subdomain of a Hungarian internet service/hosting provider. 
A,depart.febriansptr.tk,yes,"A subdomain on the free, often abused .tk TLD. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,dentistesamson.com,no,A dental clinic or service provider. Part of the Healthcare/Dental Services industry.
NS,denverktrade.xyz,no,A generic trade or business domain. 
A,depozituldegeneratoare.ro,no,A Romanian company specializing in generator sales or service. Part of the Retail/Industrial industry.
A,detail.b2b.hc360.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese business-to-business (B2B) platform, hosting product detail pages. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
NS,devastatedibexe.com,yes,"A generic, odd name that is not typical of a legitimate business and is highly indicative of temporary/malicious infrastructure."
NS,devlet20gb-operatordestekleri.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB government operator support"" (Turkish). This is a classic phishing/scam attempt impersonating a government entity for telecom offers."
NS,dhfjndfcv.ru,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,dhlexpress.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names, here impersonating a major shipping company (DHL). This is a classic phishing tactic."
A,dhlservices.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names, here impersonating a major shipping company (DHL). This is a classic phishing tactic."
A,dibujo.official.pw,yes,A subdomain of a site (official.pw) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and malware.
NS,dichthuatsnu.com,no,"A Vietnamese company, likely offering translation services. Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,didarmarket.com,no,"A business, likely an e-commerce platform or retail store. "
NS,die-hauensteins.de,no,"A German personal or family website (""The Hauensteins""). "
NS,digibookspublishing.com,no,A publishing company focused on digital books. Part of the Publishing industry.
NS,digitalcurrencyexchane.com,yes,"A clear misspelling of ""exchange"" (typosquatting). This is a common tactic for phishing or financial scams targeting cryptocurrency users."
A,digitalwebber.com.au,no,An Australian digital marketing or web services company. Part of the Technology/Marketing industry.
A,disk.karelia.pro,no,A Russian site (Karelia) providing disk storage or cloud services. 
A,distrimarsanitarios.soydg.com,no,"A subdomain of a generic hosting service, likely for a sanitary distribution company. "
NS,djyokoo.com,no,A personal or professional website for a DJ named Yokoo. Part of the Entertainment/Music industry.
A,dl.desk1992get.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (desk1992get.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.get1993desk.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (get1993desk.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.getdesk1994.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (getdesk1994.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.helianthemum.com,no,"A legitimate download subdomain, likely for a software or media company. "
A,dl.mithlumen.com,no,"A legitimate download subdomain, likely for a software or media company. "
A,dl.pocodoctor.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (pocodoctor.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.pocolegion.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (pocolegion.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.pocomissus.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (pocomissus.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.pocomixing.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (pocomixing.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
A,dl.zhishi.sina.com.cn,no,"A legitimate download subdomain of Sina, a major Chinese internet portal, used for knowledge-based content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,dl2.appzona.net,no,"A download subdomain for appzona.net, a company focused on applications or software. "
A,dl4.getz.tv,no,"A legitimate download subdomain for getz.tv, a company focused on media or video content. "
A,dl4.joxi.net,no,"A legitimate download subdomain for Joxi, a Russian screenshot and file-sharing service. Part of the Technology/Software industry."
NS,dmlevents.com,no,"An event planning, management, or production company. Part of the Entertainment/Service industry."
A,dns01.pspvprovalencia.org,no,"A legitimate DNS server subdomain for an organization in Valencia, likely a non-profit or public entity. "
A,dns02.pspvprovalencia.org,no,"A legitimate DNS server subdomain for an organization in Valencia, likely a non-profit or public entity. "
A,dns03.pspvprovalencia.org,no,"A legitimate DNS server subdomain for an organization in Valencia, likely a non-profit or public entity. "
A,dns04.pspvprovalencia.org,no,"A legitimate DNS server subdomain for an organization in Valencia, likely a non-profit or public entity. "
NS,docecreativo.com,no,"A Spanish-language site (""Creative Twelve""), likely a design agency or creative hub. Part of the Creative Services industry."
A,dodgers.co.jp,no,"A Japanese domain, possibly a fan site or business related to the word ""Dodgers."" "
A,dog-portrait.com,no,A site offering custom portraits of dogs. Part of the Arts/Retail industry.
A,[suspicious link removed],no,"A subdomain of a site focused on half-birthday products, specifically for pets. "
NS,dojqwugnjqawjenqwdasd.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA (Domain Generation Algorithm)."
NS,dokument-9827323724423823.ru,yes,"A domain using a highly suspicious, long, numeric ID and the Russian word ""document."" This is a classic phishing/scam attempt, often impersonating document access or a fine/notice."
NS,dolmetscherbueromueller.de,no,A German domain for a translation/interpretation office (Müller). Part of the Business Services industry.
A,domainpark.sitelutions.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Sitelutions, a US-based hosting and domain management company, used for parked domains. Part of the Technology/Internet Infrastructure industry."
NS,donnercompanies.net,no,"A generic business name, likely a holding company or consulting firm. "
NS,donoffermaster.best,no,"A generic domain, likely focused on deals, offers, or e-commerce. "
A,down.gogominer.com,yes,"A download subdomain for gogominer.com, which is a known source of cryptojacking malware and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
A,down.mykings.pw,yes,"A download subdomain of mykings.pw, a domain associated with a pervasive family of malware and Trojans (MyKings Botnet)."
A,down.official.pw,yes,"A download subdomain of official.pw, a domain associated with distributing aggressive advertising and malware."
A,down.xiazai2.net,no,A legitimate download subdomain of a Chinese file-sharing or software site. 
A,down10.zol.com.cn,no,"A legitimate download subdomain of ZOL (Zhongguancun Online), a major Chinese tech media and e-commerce site. Part of the Technology/Media industry."
A,down10b.zol.com.cn,no,"A legitimate download subdomain of ZOL (Zhongguancun Online), a major Chinese tech media and e-commerce site. Part of the Technology/Media industry."
A,down9.zol.com.cn,no,"A legitimate download subdomain of ZOL (Zhongguancun Online), a major Chinese tech media and e-commerce site. Part of the Technology/Media industry."
A,download-serverupdate.eu-gb.cf.appdomain.cloud,yes,"A highly suspicious domain using ""serverupdate"" keywords combined with an IBM Cloud domain. This is a common tactic for phishing or malware distribution masquerading as a system update."
A,download.beveilingsdienst.info,no,A download subdomain for a Dutch security service. 
A,download.cardesales.com,no,A download subdomain for a car sales or classified website. 
A,download.mixidj.com,no,"A download subdomain for MixiDJ, a software or service for mixing music. Part of the Software/Entertainment industry."
A,download.ningzhidata.com,no,A download subdomain for a Chinese data or technology company. 
A,download.us-east-1.fromsmash.co,no,"A legitimate download subdomain for Smash, a large file transfer service. Part of the Technology/Software industry."
A,download.xp666.com,no,A download subdomain of a Chinese software or download site. 
A,download1271.mediafire.com,no,"A legitimate download subdomain for MediaFire, a major US-based file hosting and sharing service. Part of the Technology/Cloud Storage industry."
NS,dpaste.com,no,"A generic domain name, possibly a pastebin service or a software tool. "
NS,dr-menschick.at,no,"An Austrian domain for an individual named Dr. Menschick, likely a personal or professional site (doctor or academic). Part of the General industry."
NS,dr080.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,dreamfile.club,no,"A generic domain, possibly for a personal project, file sharing, or a fan club. "
A,drive-google-com.fanalav.com,yes,"The domain is clearly a form of phishing/typosquatting, attempting to impersonate Google Drive."
NS,drmdemolition.com,no,A company specializing in demolition services. Part of the Construction/Service industry.
NS,droversmouser.at,yes,"A very generic and nonsensical Austrian domain, often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes."
NS,drteachme.com,no,"A site focused on education, tutoring, or online learning. Part of the Education industry."
A,druzim.freewww.biz,yes,"Uses a free and often abused hosting/dynamic DNS service (freewww.biz) to host content, often associated with phishing or low-quality sites."
NS,drywallexpo.com,no,A site related to an exhibition or trade show for the drywall industry. Part of the Construction/Events industry.
A,ds.nashobmenfiles.com,no,A download subdomain of a Russian file-sharing site. 
A,ds.obmenvsemfiles.com,no,A download subdomain of a Russian file-sharing site. 
A,ds05.infourok.ru,no,"A subdomain of infourok.ru, a Russian educational and teacher resource portal. "
NS,dteam.pro,no,"A generic business name, likely a technology or consulting company. "
NS,dtours.si,no,A Slovenian travel agency or tour operator. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,dtslojistik.com,no,A Turkish logistics and transportation company. Part of the Logistics industry.
NS,duanbatdongsanvincity.com,no,A Vietnamese domain for a specific real estate project or development. Part of the Real Estate industry.
NS,dubaidreamsadventure.com,no,A tour operator or travel agency specializing in Dubai and adventure travel. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,dunveganbrewing.ca,no,A Canadian brewery or beer-related business. Part of the Food & Beverage industry.
NS,dx-mexico.com,no,"A Mexican business, likely related to a specific product or service (DX is a common acronym). "
NS,dzm-ubolt.ru,no,A Russian business domain. 
NS,e-internetim.com,yes,"A domain using the Turkish word for ""my internet"" and a generic name, a common tactic for phishing or scam telecom offers."
A,e.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,eastfootball.co.uk,no,"A UK site focused on football (soccer), likely a fan site, news resource, or local league. Part of the Sports/Entertainment industry."
A,eaurega.speakerram.ru,yes,A subdomain of a generic/suspicious Russian domain (speakerram.ru) often used for redirects or aggressive advertising.
NS,ebwomancare.com,no,A medical or health site focused on women's care. Part of the Healthcare industry.
NS,ebwz497.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,ec4.images-amazon.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Amazon.com, part of their e-commerce and cloud infrastructure. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,ecogold.com.au,no,"An Australian company, likely in finance, environmental services, or sustainable products. Part of the General Business industry."
NS,econspiracy.se,no,"A Swedish domain, likely focused on discussion or information related to conspiracy theories, potentially related to environmentalism. "
A,edeal.com.my,no,A Malaysian e-commerce or deal-focused website. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry.
A,[suspicious link removed],no,"A subdomain of a Turkish business, likely for a specific service or edge computing. "
A,edu.zynews.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of zynews.com, a Chinese news outlet, focused on educational content. Part of the Media/Education industry."
NS,educationalworkshop.info,no,A site providing information about educational workshops. Part of the Education industry.
NS,edurotations.com,no,"A site, likely for medical or educational institutions, focused on student rotations or placements. Part of the Education/Healthcare industry."
NS,efecebeci.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Efe Cebeci. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,eider.no,no,"A Norwegian domain, possibly related to the Eider duck, a brand, or a local service. "
A,ekenefb34518maketer.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for suspicious, long, keyword-stuffed names. This pattern is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
NS,eldorado-phuthuong.net,no,"A Vietnamese business, likely a real estate or commercial property name. "
NS,elektroniktamirservisi.com,no,A Turkish business offering electronics repair services. Part of the Service industry.
NS,elevennevele.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly related to e-commerce or retail. "
NS,ellenthorp.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Ellen Thorp. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,emadamini.co.za,no,"A South African business, possibly a local service or professional. "
NS,emamdouh1949.me,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Emamdouh. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,emberdupe.co.za,no,"A South African business, possibly a local service or professional. "
A,empty-arita-4645.fem.jp,no,"A subdomain on a Japanese hosting service, often used for personal or temporary websites. "
NS,enedra-shop.gr,no,A Greek e-commerce shop. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry.
NS,enemobodoukpaka.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,energy-utama.com,no,"A company focused on energy, possibly renewable energy, consulting, or oil/gas. Part of the Energy industry."
NS,enginhukuk.org,no,"A Turkish legal or law firm (""Hukuk"" is law). Part of the Legal Services industry."
NS,enjoycosmetic.ru,no,A Russian site focused on cosmetics and beauty products. Part of the Retail/Beauty industry.
A,enkobud.dp.ua,no,A Ukrainian construction or building company. 
NS,enreclittdosand.in,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,epaper.ts.cn,no,"A legitimate subdomain of ts.cn, a Chinese news or media site, hosting an electronic paper (e-paper) version. Part of the Media/News industry."
A,epraja1.com.br,no,A Brazilian business domain. 
NS,erdrx.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,erlivia.ltd,no,A generic business name. 
A,erollar.com.tr,no,A Turkish business domain. 
NS,ertys.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,ervqveknzq.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,escriba.art,no,"A site focused on writing, art, or creative services (""Escriba"" is writer/scribe in Spanish). Part of the Arts/Creative Services industry."
NS,essenciadoequilibrio.net,no,"A Portuguese/Brazilian site (""Essence of Balance""), likely focused on health, wellness, or alternative therapies. Part of the Health/Wellness industry."
NS,esxzt.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,etesx.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,ethanwalker.co.uk,no,A personal or professional website for an individual named Ethan Walker. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,etrec.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,etsen.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,ettba.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,etwax.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,etxse.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,eurebia.net,no,"A generic business name, possibly in technology or media. "
NS,evakuator-group163.ru,no,A Russian business offering towing/evacuation services. Part of the Automotive/Service industry.
A,evasive.expertwitnessautomaticdoor.net,no,A subdomain of a site offering expert witness services for automatic door cases. Part of the Business Services/Legal industry.
NS,evdehayatvar-20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB life at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekal-hediye-20gbnet.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB stay at home gift"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekal-kampanyasi20gbhediye.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB stay at home campaign gift"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekal20kapgb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB stay at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekalan20gbkazaniyor.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB winner stays at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekalana20gb-hehe.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB gift for stay at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekaldiye20-gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB stay at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdekaltuekiyesaglik.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain linking ""stay at home,"" a region (Tüekiye - Turkey), and ""health,"" a common phishing/scam tactic during the pandemic."
NS,evdekl20gbx.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB stay at home"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,evdeyizhayattayiz.com,no,"A Turkish domain, meaning ""We are at home, we are alive,"" related to social messaging or general content, possibly during a stay-at-home order. "
NS,evdeyizrahatiz.com,no,"A Turkish domain, meaning ""We are at home, we are comfortable,"" related to social messaging or general content, possibly during a stay-at-home order. "
NS,ewrwr.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,ewwsa.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,exawn.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,exec.elrooted.com,yes,"A subdomain of elrooted.com, which has been identified as hosting aggressive advertising, adware, and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)."
NS,extintoresoriental.com,no,"A company specializing in fire extinguishers (Spanish: ""extintores""). Part of the Safety/Service industry."
NS,exvxa.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,eytbf.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,f.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,f0434589.xsph.ru,yes,"A subdomain using a generic hosting provider's (xsph.ru) subdomain pattern with an arbitrary name, a method often used to host temporary malware or phishing pages."
A,f2009.zgyey.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of zgyey.net, a Chinese site focused on childcare and early education. Part of the Education industry."
A,f201012.zgyey.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of zgyey.com, a Chinese site focused on childcare and early education. Part of the Education industry."
NS,facaizleri.com,no,A Turkish site focused on facial features or beauty. 
NS,faisalburger.pk,no,A Pakistani food or restaurant business specializing in burgers. Part of the Food & Beverage industry.
NS,familiekoning.net,no,"A Dutch domain, likely a personal or family website (""Family King""). "
A,faog.org.hk,no,"A non-profit or organizational domain in Hong Kong, likely an acronym. "
A,fapet.ipb.ac.id,no,"A legitimate subdomain of the Bogor Agricultural University in Indonesia, likely for the Faculty of Animal Husbandry. Part of the Education sector."
A,fas.nirmala.life,no,A subdomain of a site focused on lifestyle or health. 
NS,fasttads.com,no,"A domain, likely related to advertising or marketing services. "
NS,faturali-faturasiz20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB post-paid-pre-paid"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,fb-recovery-10000076733-it.tk,yes,"A highly malicious domain pattern using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging keywords like ""fb-recovery"" and a numeric ID. This is a classic Facebook phishing scheme."
NS,fb-recovery-10000076734-it.tk,yes,"A highly malicious domain pattern using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging keywords like ""fb-recovery"" and a numeric ID. This is a classic Facebook phishing scheme."
NS,fb-recovery-10000076735-it.tk,yes,"A highly malicious domain pattern using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging keywords like ""fb-recovery"" and a numeric ID. This is a classic Facebook phishing scheme."
NS,fb-recovery-10000076744-it.tk,yes,"A highly malicious domain pattern using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging keywords like ""fb-recovery"" and a numeric ID. This is a classic Facebook phishing scheme."
NS,fb-recovery-10000076747-it.tk,yes,"A highly malicious domain pattern using the free, often abused .tk TLD and leveraging keywords like ""fb-recovery"" and a numeric ID. This is a classic Facebook phishing scheme."
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.230758.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.248767.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.250837.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.258365.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.266229.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.278358.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.286800.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.286913.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.301243.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.339707.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.350527.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.359893.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.364270.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.372634.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.388616.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.388773.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.393948.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.395827.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.397508.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.398218.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.415016.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.435908.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.446546.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.451952.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.461887.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.474878.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.475721.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.485721.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fb.com.accounts.login.userid.492739.fbsacc.com,yes,A highly complex and suspicious domain clearly designed for phishing. It attempts to impersonate Facebook login pages by using many official-looking keywords but terminates with a suspicious domain (fbsacc.com).
A,fbassociados.com.br,no,A Brazilian business or association. 
NS,fcm-makler.de,no,"A German business, likely a broker or real estate agent (""Makler""). Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,federicaarpicco.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Federica Arpicco. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,fedsfmr.ru,no,"A Russian domain, possibly related to a specific federal entity or organization. "
A,felicesfiestas.com.mx,no,"A Mexican site focused on holidays or celebration greetings (""Happy Holidays""). Part of the General industry."
A,fenixinmobiliaria.com.ar,no,An Argentine real estate company. Part of the Real Estate industry.
NS,fentlix.com,yes,"A generic, odd name that is not typical of a legitimate business and is highly indicative of temporary/malicious infrastructure."
NS,fetitech.live,yes,"A generic, suspicious-looking domain on the low-reputation .live TLD, often used for scams or redirects."
NS,ffv322.ru,yes,"A short, random-looking Russian domain, often indicative of temporary or disposable infrastructure used for malicious purposes."
A,fg.bibleandbullets.com,no,A subdomain of a site focused on religious or political commentary/content. 
NS,fggfa.us,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,fgher.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
NS,fiancevisacover.com,no,"A site related to visa services, particularly for fiancés/spouses. Part of the Legal/Immigration Services industry."
A,file.qlteacher.com,no,"A legitimate file hosting subdomain for qlteacher.com, a Chinese education or teacher resource site. "
A,file.youxiniao.com,no,A legitimate file hosting subdomain for a Chinese business. 
A,filegotosecureothers.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service for a highly suspicious, keyword-stuffed name. This is a common tactic for phishing or malware C2."
A,files-info.com.s3.amazonaws.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Amazon Web Services (AWS), indicating user uploads to an S3 storage bucket. Part of the Technology/Cloud Computing industry."
A,files.appsapi.info,no,A legitimate file hosting subdomain for an application or API service. 
A,files.rakbot.ru,no,A legitimate file hosting subdomain for a Russian software or gaming community. 
A,files.zertex.space,no,A file hosting subdomain for a company named Zertex. 
NS,filtrosindia.in,no,An Indian company specializing in filters or purification systems. Part of the Manufacturing/Industrial industry.
NS,finishtradeexpo.com,no,A site for an exposition or trade show focused on finishing materials or industries. Part of the Events/Construction industry.
A,fj.hmtcn.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese company. 
A,fjueir.ioiu.cf,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .cf TLD with a random, short subdomain. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
NS,fleamarketfragrances.com,no,"An e-commerce site or retailer for fragrances, possibly at discounted prices. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
NS,flintbg.com,no,"A generic business domain, likely for a company in Flint, USA, or related to a brand name. "
NS,florentdweb.com,no,A personal or professional website for an individual named Florent. 
NS,floriano.kz,no,"A Kazakh domain, likely a personal or business site with a proper name. "
NS,flowersck.top,yes,"A suspicious-looking domain using the low-reputation .top TLD and a generic name, often used for scams or redirects."
NS,flowersforfuneral.net,no,A florist or floral service specializing in funeral arrangements. Part of the Retail/Service industry.
NS,fobertinia.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,forcaparaviver.com.br,no,"A Brazilian website (""Strength to Live""), likely focused on motivation, health, or lifestyle. "
NS,formayoga.com,no,A yoga studio or site focused on yoga/wellness. Part of the Health/Wellness industry.
A,fotopiksel.com.pl,no,"A Polish business, likely related to photography or digital imaging services. Part of the Creative Services industry."
A,fotos-chistosas.jimdo.com,no,"A subdomain on Jimdo, a legitimate German web hosting and site builder service, hosting a Spanish photo site. "
NS,fqwdqw4d4.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,framtiden.dobus.se,no,A Swedish educational or informational subdomain. 
NS,franksmission.com,no,"A generic domain, likely related to a personal or business mission statement/project. "
NS,frauzett.de,no,A German personal or professional website. 
NS,frbdental.com,no,A dental clinic or service provider. Part of the Healthcare/Dental Services industry.
NS,frcbxvrn.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,freeforallapps.pk,no,A Pakistani site offering free applications or software. 
NS,freezwrap.com,no,"A business specializing in packaging or wrapping materials, possibly for frozen goods. Part of the Manufacturing/Retail industry."
A,freshers.luminescent.digital,no,"A subdomain of a digital agency, likely for content or services targeting recent graduates (""freshers""). "
A,fs01.bokee.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of bokee.net, a Chinese blog hosting service. "
A,ftp-reklama.gpd24.pl,no,"A Polish subdomain for FTP access, related to advertising/marketing. "
A,ftp.jjtang.com,no,A legitimate FTP access subdomain for a Chinese business. 
NS,fullanimals.cl,no,"A Chilean domain, likely a site focused on pets, animals, or wildlife. "
NS,fullsizechevy.com,no,A site or forum dedicated to full-size Chevrolet trucks and cars. Part of the Automotive/Community industry.
NS,fundbook.xyz,no,"A generic domain, likely focused on financial, crowdfunding, or investment information. "
NS,funtravelperu.com,no,A travel agency specializing in tours and activities in Peru. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,fusionfiresolutions.com,no,"A company specializing in fire safety, suppression, or security solutions. Part of the Safety/Service industry."
NS,g-dent.ru,no,A Russian dental clinic or service. Part of the Healthcare/Dental Services industry.
A,g-ec4.images-amazon.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Amazon.com, part of their e-commerce and cloud infrastructure. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,g.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,g.udn.com.tw,no,"A legitimate subdomain of udn.com.tw, a major Taiwanese news and media group. "
NS,gadanie-lidia.ru,no,"A Russian site dedicated to fortune-telling or psychic readings (""gadanie""). Part of the Entertainment/Service industry."
A,ganafine.5gbfree.com,yes,A subdomain of a free hosting provider (5gbfree.com) known for being used to host temporary and low-quality/scam content.
A,ganiinc.co.za,no,"A South African business, possibly a local service or professional. "
NS,gappconsultores.com,no,A consulting firm. Part of the Business Services industry.
NS,gardonyiforro.hu,no,"A Hungarian domain, likely a personal or business site with a proper name. "
A,gargiulo.com.ar,no,An Argentine business or personal site with a family name. 
A,gat.mehdydriouech.fr,no,A subdomain of a French personal or business site. 
A,gavioesdocerrado.com.br,no,"A Brazilian business or organization, likely related to wildlife or a local association. "
A,gbud.webd.pl,no,A subdomain of a Polish web hosting service. 
NS,gcardriving.com,no,A site offering driver education or services. Part of the Education/Service industry.
NS,gcleaning.ru,no,A Russian company offering cleaning services. Part of the Service industry.
A,gd1.alicdn.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Alibaba Group, a major Chinese e-commerce and technology company, used for content delivery (CDN). Part of the Technology/E-commerce industry."
A,gd2.alicdn.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Alibaba Group, a major Chinese e-commerce and technology company, used for content delivery (CDN). Part of the Technology/E-commerce industry."
A,gd3.alicdn.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Alibaba Group, a major Chinese e-commerce and technology company, used for content delivery (CDN). Part of the Technology/E-commerce industry."
A,gdmtransfer.com.au,no,An Australian company specializing in transfer or transportation services. Part of the Logistics/Service industry.
NS,gdzie-kupie-leki-wczesnoporonne-sklep.com,yes,"A highly suspicious and potentially illegal Polish domain (""where to buy early abortion pills shop""). This is a clear indicator of scam or illegal activity."
NS,gearwent.win,yes,"A generic, suspicious name on the low-reputation .win TLD, often used for scams or redirects."
NS,generalbikes.com,no,A retailer or information site for bicycles. Part of the Retail/Sports industry.
A,genesisconstruction.co.za,no,A South African construction or building company. Part of the Construction industry.
NS,genevatravels786.com,no,A travel agency. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,genlew.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,genqur.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,genstaff.gov.kg,no,"An official government domain in Kyrgyzstan, likely for a general staff or governmental agency. Part of the Government sector."
A,geodiaspora.com.ua,no,"A Ukrainian domain, likely related to geography, diaspora, or a specific community. "
NS,geronaga.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,get.tasteready.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of tasteready.com, a site focused on food, recipes, or general content. "
NS,gets-adobe.com,yes,"A domain attempting to lure users with ""gets-adobe,"" suggesting a download or crack. This is a common tactic for distributing malware or PUPs."
NS,geundik.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,gfpc-uae.com,no,"A company in the UAE, likely using an acronym (GFPC). "
A,gfuel-alternative-energy.co.za,no,A South African site focused on alternative fuels or energy. 
A,ggbc.com.br,no,"A Brazilian business domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,ghjfgvbxc.ru,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,ginduq.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,girlhistory.ru,no,"A Russian site, likely focused on history related to women or specific narratives. "
NS,giuden.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,gizemnursen.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Gizem Nursen. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,globalholidaystours.com,no,A travel agency offering tours and holidays globally. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
A,gmmfuelassist.co.uk,no,A UK business offering fuel assistance or recovery services. Part of the Automotive/Service industry.
NS,gnytravel.com,no,"A travel agency, likely based in the New York area (GNY). Part of the Tourism/Travel industry."
NS,godhkl.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,gofindmedia.net,no,A media or marketing company. Part of the Media/Marketing industry.
NS,goldcity888.com,no,"A generic business domain, likely related to real estate, gold, or gaming. "
NS,goldstandardwheyreview.com,no,A review site for a specific brand/product of whey protein. Part of the Health/Information industry.
NS,golfsource.us,no,"A site focused on golf equipment, courses, or information. Part of the Sports/Retail industry."
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,"A generic, suspicious subdomain on a domain with a misspelling (frieght instead of freight), often used for malicious purposes."
NS,goooglesecurity.com,yes,An obvious typosquatting/phishing domain trying to impersonate Google Security by adding an extra 'o'.
NS,gottagofishinginkeywest.com,no,"A charter or guide service for fishing in Key West, Florida. Part of the Tourism/Entertainment industry."
A,graca.com.np,no,A Nepalese business domain. 
A,gracegotme.duckdns.org,yes,"Uses the DuckDNS dynamic DNS service, which is commonly used by attackers for C2 or malware communication to evade detection."
A,grasslandhotel.com.vn,no,A Vietnamese hotel or accommodation business. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry.
A,gray-takeo-7170.chowder.jp,no,"A subdomain on a Japanese hosting service, often used for personal or temporary websites. "
A,grease.yodyiam.com,no,A subdomain of a Thai business. 
NS,greenleaveperu.com,no,A travel agency or eco-tourism business in Peru. Part of the Tourism/Travel industry.
NS,greenmagicbd.com,no,"A business, likely in Bangladesh, focused on eco-friendly or sustainable products/services. "
NS,greensy.eu,no,"A generic domain, possibly in the environmental or technology sector. "
NS,griffgraff.net,no,A generic domain name. 
NS,griginet.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,grlarquitectura.com,no,An architecture firm. Part of the Architecture/Construction industry.
NS,groenendijkwim.nl,no,A Dutch personal or professional website for an individual named Wim Groenendijk. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,groupevl.ca,no,A Canadian business group. 
A,gstat.bluechipstaffing.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a staffing company. 
A,gstat.couturefloor.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a business specializing in flooring/interior design. 
A,gstat.hamiltoncustomhomesinc.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a custom home builder. 
NS,gstatiknetiplist.net,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,gu.downg468.com,yes,A subdomain of a site (downg468.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and potentially unwanted programs (PUPs).
NS,gudanglagu4shared.website,yes,"A domain combining Indonesian words (""gudang lagu"" - music warehouse) and a popular file-sharing service (4shared) on a generic TLD. Likely used for piracy or malware distribution."
NS,gulfcrossings.com,no,"A logistics, trade, or travel company operating across the Gulf region. Part of the General Business industry."
NS,gumuscorap.com,no,"A Turkish business specializing in socks (""gümüs çorap"" is silver socks). Part of the Retail/Manufacturing industry."
A,gun.vrfitnesscoach.com,no,"A subdomain of a VR fitness site, likely for a specific type of workout or content. "
NS,gveejlsffxmfjlswjmfm.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA (Domain Generation Algorithm)."
NS,gvvir.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,gwnkvnxw.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,gzzax.livechatvalue.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a Chinese company providing live chat software. 
A,h.hiphotos.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for hosting image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,h1.iwakalong.ru,yes,A subdomain of a suspicious Russian domain (iwakalong.ru) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and malware.
NS,haciaresort.com,no,A resort or hospitality business. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry.
NS,[suspicious link removed],no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,haletone.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,harimbaofek.net,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,A subdomain of a site (aa978.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and malware.
NS,hashi-net.com,no,A Japanese business or technology site. 
NS,hashigosha.com,no,A Japanese business or organization. 
NS,hayatevdeguzeltr.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""life at home is beautiful"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,hayatevesigar-10gbnetkazan.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""10GB life at home is enough to win"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,hayatevesigar-20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB life at home is enough"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers during the pandemic."
NS,hdtv9.com,no,A site focused on high-definition television or streaming. Part of the Media/Technology industry.
NS,healthdataknowledge.com,no,"A site focused on health data, information, or consulting. Part of the Healthcare/Technology industry."
A,heavyindustries.viuu.site,no,A subdomain of a generic hosting service. 
NS,hediy20gb-internet-online.net,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB gift internet online"" (Turkish), a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,hediye-internet-saglik.org,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""gift internet health"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic, especially during a health crisis."
NS,hediye-internet.site,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""gift internet"" (Turkish) on the low-reputation .site TLD. This is a common phishing/scam tactic."
NS,hediye20gb.online,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB gift"" (Turkish) on the low-reputation .online TLD. This is a common phishing/scam tactic."
NS,hediyegapsinternet.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""gift"" (Turkish) and ""internet,"" a common phishing/scam tactic."
NS,hediyeinternetpaket.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""gift internet package"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,hediyeinternetpaketim.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""my gift internet package"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,hediyeinternetpaketleri.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""gift internet packages"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic related to telecom offers."
NS,hediyeler10gb-ramazan.net,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""10GB Ramadan gifts"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic leveraging a religious holiday."
NS,hediyem20gb-internet.org,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""my 20GB internet gift"" (Turkish) on a generic TLD. This is a common phishing/scam tactic."
NS,hediyepaket20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain promoting a ""20GB gift package"" (Turkish). This is a common phishing/scam tactic."
NS,heidsch.net,no,A generic business name. 
NS,help-customer4.org,yes,"A suspicious name implying ""customer help"" but with a generic TLD and random number, often used for tech support scams or phishing."
NS,hemoplast.ru,no,"A Russian company, likely in manufacturing or plastics. "
NS,heresyourbill.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain. A link named ""here's your bill"" is a classic social engineering tactic used in phishing campaigns to steal credentials or deliver malware."
NS,heritageibn.com,no,A business or organization related to heritage. 
NS,heritagevillage.ca,no,"A Canadian site for a heritage village, museum, or community. Part of the Tourism/Culture industry."
NS,hermesfortune.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly in finance, consulting, or general commerce. "
A,hezuo.down.xunlei.com,no,"A legitimate download subdomain of Xunlei, a major Chinese download management software, focused on cooperation/partnership content. Part of the Technology/Software industry."
A,hfye22gy.3b3kb3.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA."
NS,hg-bikes.de,no,A German site for a bicycle shop or service. Part of the Retail/Sports industry.
NS,hhjfffjsahsdbqwe.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA."
NS,hi-event.vn,no,A Vietnamese event planning or management company. Part of the Entertainment/Service industry.
NS,hildamakeup.com,no,A site for a makeup artist or beauty retailer. Part of the Retail/Beauty industry.
A,himg2.huanqiu.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Huanqiu, a major Chinese news and media site. Part of the Media/News industry."
NS,himi-handball.jp,no,"A Japanese sports domain, likely for a local handball team or association. Part of the Sports industry."
NS,hitdesignworks.com,no,A design firm or creative agency. Part of the Creative Services industry.
NS,hkitforce.com,no,"A business, likely in Hong Kong (HK), possibly in technology or security. "
NS,hmbwgroup.com,no,A generic business group. 
A,hmc.uxuixsw0b.top,yes,A random-looking subdomain on a suspicious generic TLD (.top). High risk of being used for malicious redirects or content.
NS,hobbyiobby.com,no,A site focused on hobbies or crafts. 
NS,hoelscher1.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,hof-sommerberg.de,no,"A German domain, likely for a farm, hotel, or business in a specific area (""Sommerberg Farm""). "
A,hollywood.heartjohn.com,no,A generic subdomain of a personal or business site. 
NS,homeandtell.com,no,"A site focused on home design, lifestyle, or storytelling. "
NS,homedecorsuppliers.tk,yes,"Uses the free, often abused .tk TLD, making it suspicious regardless of the generic name. High chance of being used for malicious redirects, phishing, or scams."
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,"A subdomain of gutterheaters4u.com, which is a known typosquatting or brand-hijacking domain impersonating a gutter service."
A,hospitality.quins.co.uk,no,"A subdomain of a UK business, likely focusing on hospitality services. "
A,host66.hostmonster.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of HostMonster, a US-based web hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Web Hosting industry."
NS,hosteller.in,no,"An Indian domain, likely related to hostels, budget accommodation, or travel. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry."
A,hoteldedemin.com.tr,no,A Turkish hotel business. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry.
A,hoteliracematravel.com.br,no,A Brazilian hotel and travel business. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry.
NS,hotgifts.online,no,A generic e-commerce or retail site for gifts. 
NS,hotlinegsm.com,no,A site focused on mobile phones (GSM) or a related service. 
NS,hottestxxxvideo.com,yes,"Contains explicit adult content keywords, which can be linked to malvertising, explicit scams, or non-consensual content."
NS,housewifes.co,no,"A generic domain, likely focused on homemaking, lifestyle, or adult content.  but context is key."
NS,hpdnet.com,no,"A generic business name, likely in technology or services. "
NS,hqomesters.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,hro-mp.de,no,"A German business domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,hrrwn.xyz,yes,"Short, random-looking domain on a generic TLD (.xyz), commonly used for quick-setup malicious campaigns or redirects."
A,html.orange-idea.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of a generic business or portfolio site. 
NS,huangjintawujin.cn,no,A Chinese business domain. 
A,humdingerdesigns.com.au,no,An Australian design or creative services business. Part of the Creative Services industry.
NS,hunchasko.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,huongchien.com,no,A Vietnamese business domain. 
NS,hurtstolz.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,hutagosya.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,hwsrv-675710.hostwindsdns.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Hostwinds, a US-based web hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Web Hosting industry."
A,hwsrv-720737.hostwindsdns.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Hostwinds, a US-based web hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Web Hosting industry."
A,hykt.gotoip3.com,yes,A subdomain of a known malicious/spam domain (gotoip3.com).
NS,i-bss.com,no,"A generic business domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,i-razum.ru,no,"A Russian domain (""i-mind/i-intelligence""), likely related to technology, education, or consulting. "
A,i.herbuy.com.tw,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for herbuy.com.tw, a Taiwanese e-commerce site. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,i0.herostart.com.cn,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site. 
A,i01.c.aliimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Alibaba Group, a major Chinese e-commerce and technology company. Part of the Technology/E-commerce industry."
A,i1.3conline.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese tech/consumer electronics site. 
A,i1.ce.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of CE.CN (China Economic Net), a major Chinese news outlet. Part of the Media/News industry."
A,i1.herostart.com.cn,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site. 
A,i2.herostart.com.cn,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site. 
A,i3.17173cdn.com,no,"A legitimate CDN subdomain for 17173.com, a major Chinese gaming news and community portal. Part of the Gaming/Media industry."
A,i33.fastpic.ru,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Russian photo-sharing service. 
A,i5.3conline.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese tech/consumer electronics site. 
A,i60.fastpic.ru,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Russian photo-sharing service. 
A,iae.hosei.ac.jp,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Hosei University in Japan, likely for a specific academic department. Part of the Education sector."
NS,ichinose.de,no,"A German domain, likely a personal or business site with a family name. "
NS,iclub8.hk,no,"A Hong Kong business domain, likely a club, service, or retail site. "
A,icn.tectrade.bg,no,A legitimate subdomain of a Bulgarian technology or trade company. 
NS,idtechonline.com,no,"A technology company, likely specializing in identification, cards, or security systems. Part of the Technology/Security industry."
NS,igrejayhwh.com,no,"A Portuguese/Brazilian domain (""Church YHWH""), likely a religious organization. Part of the Religious sector."
NS,ihbnaoisdnasdasd.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA."
NS,ihpmed.ae,no,"A company in the UAE, likely in the medical or healthcare industry. Part of the Healthcare industry."
NS,ihshospitality.com,no,A company specializing in hospitality services or management. Part of the Tourism/Hospitality industry.
NS,ijdqwoujnhdqwd.com,yes,"A randomly generated, long, nonsensical domain, a strong indicator of malware Command and Control (C2) using DGA."
NS,ikaprama.org,no,"A non-profit or organizational domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,iletisimbakanligi20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain impersonating the Turkish ""Ministry of Communications"" and promising ""20GB."" This is a classic phishing/scam tactic."
NS,iletisimbaskanligi-paket20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain impersonating the Turkish ""Directorate of Communications"" and promising a ""20GB package."" This is a classic phishing/scam tactic."
NS,iletsimbaskanligi-heryone20gb.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain impersonating the Turkish ""Directorate of Communications"" and promising a ""20GB everywhere"" package. This is a classic phishing/scam tactic."
NS,ilja-en-rene.nl,no,A Dutch personal website for two individuals named Ilja and Rene. 
NS,ilorcisoft.com,no,A generic software or technology company. 
A,iltempo.com.au,no,"An Australian business, possibly a local service or professional. "
A,image.369518.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,image.99114.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,image.cn.made-in-china.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Made-in-China.com, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,image.providesupport.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for ProvideSupport, a US-based live chat software company. Part of the Technology/Software industry."
A,image.sonhoo.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,image.tianjimedia.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese media company. 
A,image1.flc168.net,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,image55.360doc.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for 360doc.com, a Chinese document sharing and reading platform. Part of the Information/Content industry."
A,images.clipartlogo.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a site providing clipart and logos. Part of the Creative Services industry.
A,images.onccc.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,images.zxhsd.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
NS,imatechwiring.com,no,A company specializing in electrical or technical wiring. Part of the Construction/Industrial industry.
A,img-tx.meilishuo.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Meilishuo, a large Chinese social e-commerce fashion site. Part of the Retail/Technology industry."
A,img.051661.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img.11665.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img.15lu.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img.18183.duoku.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese gaming news/community site. 
A,img.alicdn.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Alibaba Group, a major Chinese e-commerce and technology company. Part of the Technology/E-commerce industry."
A,img.beihai365.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese local news/community site. 
A,img.blog.163.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (163.com), a major Chinese internet portal, hosting blog images. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img.blog.voc.com.cn,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese news/media blog. 
A,img.cnbanbao.cn,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img.sucai.redocn.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese creative/design resource site. 
A,img.taopic.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese creative/design resource site. 
A,img.webscan.360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain related to Qihoo 360, a major Chinese internet security company. Part of the Technology/Security industry."
A,img0.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img004.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img010.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img05.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img1.100ye.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business directory/e-commerce site. 
A,img1.makepolo.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of makepolo.net, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img1.ptpcp.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img1.shikee.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese e-commerce/retail site. 
A,img1.tupian114.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese creative/design resource site. 
A,img10.007swz.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img10.360buyimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of JD.com (360buy), a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img11.360buyimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of JD.com (360buy), a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img11.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img14.360buyimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of JD.com (360buy), a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img15.artxun.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese art/gallery site. 
A,img169.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img2.2345.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of 2345.com, a Chinese internet company (browser/software). Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img2.b2b.makepolo.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of makepolo.com, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img2.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img2.shougongke.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese DIY/crafts community site. 
A,img23.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img238.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img25.artxun.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese art/gallery site. 
A,img27.hc360.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of hc360.cn, a major Chinese B2B platform. Part of the E-commerce/B2B industry."
A,img3.258.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img3.paipaiimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Paipai.com, a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img3.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img3.shougongke.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese DIY/crafts community site. 
A,img4.duitang.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for Duitang, a Chinese lifestyle and image-sharing platform. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img4.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img4q.duitang.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for Duitang, a Chinese lifestyle and image-sharing platform. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img5.duitang.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for Duitang, a Chinese lifestyle and image-sharing platform. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img5.paipaiimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Paipai.com, a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img5.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img5.shougongke.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese DIY/crafts community site. 
A,img6.paipaiimg.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Paipai.com, a major Chinese e-commerce platform. Part of the Retail/E-commerce industry."
A,img6.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img66.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img7.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img74.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,img8.007swz.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain of a Chinese business. 
A,img9.ph.126.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of NetEase (126.net), a major Chinese internet portal. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,imgsrc.baidu.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Baidu, the major Chinese search engine, used for image content. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,imgst-dl.meilishuo.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Meilishuo, a large Chinese social e-commerce fashion site. Part of the Retail/Technology industry."
A,imgst-dl.meiliworks.com,no,A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site. 
A,imgtest-dl.meiliworks.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site, likely used for testing. "
A,imgtest-lx.meilishuo.net,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Meilishuo, used for testing. Part of the Retail/Technology industry."
A,imgtest.meiliworks.com,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain for a Chinese e-commerce or media site, used for testing. "
NS,immobilien1000.de,no,"A German real estate site (""Immobilien"" is real estate). Part of the Real Estate industry."
NS,imprimamais.com,no,"A Portuguese/Brazilian business (""Print More""), likely a printing or graphic design service. Part of the Business Services industry."
NS,induspride.be,no,"A Belgian business, likely in manufacturing or industrial services. "
NS,industrialtrainingzirakpur.com,no,"A site offering industrial training, likely in Zirakpur, India. Part of the Education/Training industry."
NS,infinitcenter.com,no,A generic business name. 
A,[suspicious link removed],no,A subdomain of a religious organization. 
NS,insightart.info,no,A generic informational site focused on art or creative insights. 
A,insomniak.co.uk,no,"A UK business, possibly a local service or professional. "
NS,inssep.pl,no,"A Polish business domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,installdownload.net,yes,"A suspicious-sounding domain using keywords ""install"" and ""download,"" often used in PUP/malware distribution."
NS,integrativeoncologydatabase.com,no,A site providing a database or information related to integrative oncology. Part of the Healthcare/Information industry.
A,[suspicious link removed],no,A subdomain of a personal or business site. 
A,internaldrive.co.uk,no,"A UK business, possibly related to automotive, technology, or services. "
NS,invent-uae.com,no,"A company focused on innovation, likely in the UAE. "
NS,invoice7mukszq9nbpa7online.ru,yes,"A highly suspicious domain containing ""invoice"" and a random, long string of letters/numbers. This is a classic phishing/scam tactic often impersonating a legitimate invoice."
NS,invoice9kat5ggmml0c6online.ru,yes,"A highly suspicious domain containing ""invoice"" and a random, long string of letters/numbers. This is a classic phishing/scam tactic often impersonating a legitimate invoice."
NS,inxeniadt.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,iovanov.eu,no,"A European domain, likely a personal or business site with a family name. "
A,ip180.ip-164-132-92.eu,yes,"This is a reverse DNS record pointing to an IP address that has been historically associated with malicious activity, including phishing and malware hosting."
NS,irenecairo.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Irene Cairo. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,isikpandizot.com,no,A Turkish business domain. 
NS,isolute.jp,no,A Japanese business domain. 
NS,ispartatr.com,no,"A Turkish business domain, likely related to the city of Isparta. "
NS,italianacademyfoundation.org,no,"A non-profit organization focused on Italian culture, education, or language. Part of the Non-profit/Culture sector."
NS,itrechtsanwalt.at,no,"An Austrian domain for an IT lawyer (""IT Rechtsanwalt""). Part of the Legal Services industry."
NS,itsalongdrivetomichiganbutatleastmynameisnotjohnson.com,no,"A long, humorous domain name, typical of a personal project, blog, or community site. "
NS,ixlonbcc.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
A,iyycqg.bn.files.1drv.com,no,A legitimate subdomain of Microsoft OneDrive file storage. It's a link to a file hosted by a OneDrive user. Part of the Technology/Cloud Storage industry.
NS,izmiredakayaci.net,no,"A Turkish business domain, likely a local service in Izmir. "
NS,izumrud-luxury.ru,no,"A Russian business, likely a retail or luxury goods company. "
A,[suspicious link removed],yes,A subdomain of a site (aa978.com) that has been associated with distributing aggressive advertising and malware.
A,jah.skateparkvr.com,no,A subdomain of a site focused on virtual reality fitness or sports. 
NS,jahesa.com,no,A generic business name. 
NS,jalironti.com,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,jarekciara.pl,no,A Polish personal or professional website for an individual named Jarek Ciara. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,jargonmedya.com,no,A Turkish media or publishing company. Part of the Media/Publishing industry.
A,jazan.azurewebsites.net,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Microsoft Azure, a major US-based cloud hosting provider. Part of the Technology/Cloud Computing industry."
A,jazancci.org.sa,no,"An official organization domain in Saudi Arabia, likely the Jazan Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Part of the Government/Business Services industry."
NS,jeffcm.com,no,"A generic business name, likely an acronym. "
NS,jetescrows.com,no,A company offering escrow or financial services. Part of the Finance/Business Services industry.
NS,jhonhusein.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Jhon Husein. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,jiangxi.sinaimg.cn,no,"A legitimate image hosting subdomain of Sina, a major Chinese internet portal, for content related to Jiangxi province. Part of the Technology/Internet industry."
A,jikua.com.tw,no,A Taiwanese business domain. 
NS,jknjdfvbxc.ru,yes,"A random-looking domain name, often used for disposable malicious infrastructure."
NS,jks-gmbh.de,no,"A German business (GmbH), likely an acronym. "
NS,jmamusical.jp,no,"A Japanese business, likely related to music or entertainment. "
NS,jmdongnan.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
NS,jndszs.com,no,A Chinese business domain. 
A,jocuri.trophygaming.net,no,"A subdomain of a gaming network, likely focusing on games (""jocuri"" is Romanian for games). "
NS,joeandjesscomicstrip.com,no,"A site dedicated to a comic strip named ""Joe and Jess."" Part of the Arts/Entertainment industry."
A,joelfreire.com.br,no,A Brazilian personal or professional website for an individual named Joel Freire. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,joezer-online.com,no,A generic online business name. 
NS,johnbearross.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named John Bear Ross. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,johukumprice.com,no,"A generic business name, possibly related to price comparison or e-commerce. "
A,join.teen-depot.com,no,A subdomain of an e-commerce or community site aimed at teenagers. 
A,jomar2020.com.br,no,A Brazilian business domain. 
NS,jonpetesharefile.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain containing ""sharefile"" and generic names, a common tactic for phishing or malware distribution."
NS,jorgensenco.dk,no,"A Danish business, likely an acronym or family name. "
NS,jornalistasdeangola.com,no,A site for journalists in Angola. Part of the Media/News industry.
NS,josephinebland.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Josephine Bland. Part of the General/Personal industry.
A,joule.kpi.ua,no,"A subdomain of a Ukrainian university (KPI), likely for a specific department or project. Part of the Education sector."
NS,jpears.website,no,A generic domain name. 
NS,jpgewe.org,no,"A non-profit or organizational domain, likely an acronym. "
NS,jppost-ame.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-amo.com,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-cde.top,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix on the low-reputation .top TLD. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-cgi.top,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix on the low-reputation .top TLD. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-cze.top,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix on the low-reputation .top TLD. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-dka.top,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and a random-looking suffix on the low-reputation .top TLD. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
NS,jppost-to.co,yes,"A highly suspicious domain trying to impersonate the legitimate postal service (Japan Post) by using ""jppost"" and the generic .co TLD. This is a classic phishing/scam targeting package delivery."
A,js.touclick.com,no,"A legitimate subdomain of Touclick, a Chinese internet security and captcha service, hosting JavaScript resources. Part of the Technology/Security industry."
NS,jualkucing-persia.com,no,"An Indonesian/Malay site selling Persian cats (""Jual Kucing"" is sell cat). Part of the Retail/Pet Industry industry."
NS,jumbosack.com,no,A company specializing in large industrial bags or containers. Part of the Manufacturing/Industrial industry.
NS,juupajoenmll.fi,no,"A Finnish domain, likely a local community organization or business. "
NS,juwanto.com,no,Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Juwanto. Part of the General/Personal industry.
NS,jwyatt.ca,no,A Canadian personal or professional website. 
NS,jxproject.ru,no,"A Russian domain, likely related to a specific project or business. "
NS,jxstudio.ru,no,"A Russian business, likely a design or creative studio. Part of the Creative Services industry."
NS,kabiru.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely based in Russia. Industry is unknown, but .ru suggests a Russian focus."
NS,kadastr89.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely based in Russia. The name suggests an involvement with ""kadastr"" (cadastre/land registry), potentially in the Russian region with code 89 (Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug)."
NS,kaelfleming.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The domain appears to be registered to a person named Kaelf Fleming, potentially a personal or professional site, based in the USA. Industry is unknown."
NS,kal20gb.site,yes,"The domain name uses a common bait term (e.g., ""20gb"") often associated with deceptive or phishing schemes, particularly those promising free internet data. The TLD is generic and cheap, frequently used for transient, malicious operations."
NS,kalorsystem.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in France. The name suggests a company involved in heating, energy, or perhaps a food-related system ('kalor' is similar to 'calorie'). Industry is likely HVAC or food/nutrition."
A,kamerreklam.com.tr,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Camera Advertisement"" or a proper name followed by ""Reklam"" (Advertising). Industry is likely advertising, marketing, or media production."
A,kangann.go.th,no,"Owned by a government or public entity in Thailand, as indicated by the .go.th TLD. Likely a government website, possibly related to a specific district or agency (Kangan)."
NS,karakascit.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Turkey. The name suggests a company or individual named Karakascit, potentially in the IT or consulting industry."
NS,karlsuites.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to hospitality or real estate, specifically rental or serviced accommodations (suites). Industry is likely hospitality or real estate."
NS,karnatakajwale.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in India. The name suggests a business related to Karnataka (an Indian state) and ""Jwale,"" potentially in media, news, or a local service."
NS,karuseltisak.hr,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Croatia. The name translates to ""Carousel Print/Printing"" (Karusel Tisak). Industry is likely printing, graphic design, or publishing."
NS,kasatus.se,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Sweden. The domain is registered to a company or project named Kasatus. Industry is unknown."
NS,kaskad-proekt.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name translates to ""Cascade Project,"" likely involved in design, construction, or engineering projects. Industry is likely engineering or construction."
NS,kaspersky-security.com,yes,"This domain name is a classic example of **typosquatting or brand impersonation**. It mimics the name of the legitimate cybersecurity company **Kaspersky**, suggesting it is likely a phishing site, fake support page, or a distribution point for malware trying to capitalize on the trusted brand."
NS,katexs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The domain is registered to a company or project named Katexs. Industry is unknown."
NS,kaukabphysiatry.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a medical practice specializing in physiatry, run by or associated with someone named Kaukab. Industry is Healthcare/Medicine."
NS,kazanin20gbturkiye.com,yes,"Uses common bait terms (""kazan"" - win, ""20gb,"" ""turkiye"") associated with deceptive free internet/prize scams targeting Turkish users, often used for phishing or credential harvesting."
NS,kazankazan20gb.com,yes,"Uses common bait terms (""kazan kazan"" - win win, ""20gb"") associated with deceptive free internet/prize scams, often used for phishing or credential harvesting."
NS,kazanturkiye20gb.com,yes,"Uses common bait terms (""kazan turkiye"" - win Turkey, ""20gb"") associated with deceptive free internet/prize scams targeting Turkish users, often used for phishing or credential harvesting."
NS,kazemart.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a focus on art, potentially an online gallery, portfolio, or art supply store. Industry is Arts/E-commerce."
NS,kazhin.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Registered under the name of a company or individual named Kazhin. Industry is unknown."
NS,keciorenkoltukyikama.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Kecioren Couch Cleaning,"" indicating a local cleaning service. Industry is Local Services/Cleaning."
NS,kelderman-evers.nl,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the Netherlands. The name is likely a combination of two surnames, potentially a law firm, consultancy, or partnership. Industry is likely Professional Services."
NS,kenareh-gostare-aras.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. The name suggests a company or organization with ""Gostare Aras"" and ""Kenareh,"" potentially related to regional development, trade, or engineering. Industry is likely Construction or Trade."
NS,kenfendi.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Registered under the name Ken Fendi, potentially a personal or portfolio website. Industry is unknown."
NS,kerosky.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The domain name Kerosky is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,khan-associates.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a professional service firm, such as a law firm, accounting firm, or consultancy, associated with the name Khan. Industry is Professional Services."
A,khaolak.alltimestube.com,yes,"This is a sub-domain of alltimestube.com, which is a known malicious domain associated with adult content and potential malware/scam redirection. The sub-domain itself is likely part of the malicious infrastructure."
NS,khaolakstationtour.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a travel or tourism company focused on the Khao Lak region and station tours, likely based in Thailand or a related travel industry. Industry is Tourism/Travel."
NS,khatibul-umamwiranu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is complex and might be a personal or organizational name. Industry is unknown."
A,kiartbordados.com.br,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Brazil. The name suggests a business related to ""Bordados"" (Embroidery/Embroidered goods) and ""Kiart."" Industry is E-commerce or Manufacturing/Textiles."
NS,kiencuonghotel.vn,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name translates to a hotel named Kien Cuong. Industry is Hospitality/Hotels."
A,kiflaps.ac.ke,no,"Owned by an educational institution (as suggested by .ac) in Kenya. Likely the website for a college, academy, or specific school named Kiflaps."
NS,king-dom101.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests an educational or community resource, a guide, or a business associated with the term ""Kingdom 101."" Industry is unknown."
NS,kingskillz.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a personal or gaming-related site, or possibly a skills-focused platform. Industry is unknown/Gaming."
NS,kirikkalemuhendislik.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Kirikkale Engineering,"" indicating an engineering or consulting firm in the Kirikkale region. Industry is Engineering/Construction."
NS,kitapbursa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Book Bursa,"" suggesting a bookstore, publisher, or literary service focused on the Bursa region. Industry is E-commerce/Publishing."
NS,kitchen-aid.vn,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. While the name mimics the brand KitchenAid, the TLD (.vn) suggests a local Vietnamese distributor or unauthorized retailer. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,kjkasdjaksdasdbe.com,yes,"This domain is composed of a long string of nonsensical characters, a common characteristic of **domain generation algorithms (DGAs)** used by malware to communicate with command-and-control servers (C2)."
NS,kkarakas.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Registered under the name of an individual, possibly a personal or professional portfolio. Industry is unknown."
NS,klientvbanke.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name translates to ""Client in the Bank,"" suggesting a service, blog, or resource related to banking and finance. Industry is Finance/Blogging."
NS,kmpro.org,no,"Owned by a private organization. The domain name KMPro suggests a professional association or knowledge management (KM) project. Industry is Professional Organization/Consulting."
NS,knockoffcologne.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name explicitly states the sale of 'knockoff cologne.' While potentially selling counterfeit goods (which is illegal), the domain itself is not inherently a cyber threat like phishing or malware. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,knowingforget.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The random, vague name is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,kobagroup.co.id,no,"Owned by a private company (Group) in Indonesia. Likely a holding company or a business providing a specific service. Industry is unknown."
NS,kohnrath.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional website associated with the surname Kohnrath. Industry is unknown."
NS,kontorpaketyukle.com,yes,"The domain name, which translates to ""Office Package Upload/Install"" in Turkish, is highly suspicious. It mimics software distribution and is a common technique used to deliver pirated, cracked, or malicious software (trojans, loaders) to users searching for free office suite installers."
NS,koolbarha.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name appears to be related to a specific product or service named Kool Barha. Industry is unknown."
NS,kraonkelaere.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is registered to a private entity named Kraonkelaere. Industry is unknown."
NS,kreanova.fr,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in France. The name suggests a company focused on ""creation"" and ""innovation."" Industry is likely Design, Consulting, or Technology."
NS,kremlin-malwrhunterteam.info,yes,"The domain is registered under the name **malwrhunterteam**, suggesting it is being used by security researchers (Malware Hunter Team) to study or track a specific threat, potentially one with a Russian origin or target (Kremlin). It is related to malware but is likely operated by defenders."
NS,krever.jp,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Japan. The name Krever is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,kristofferdaniels.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Likely a personal or professional portfolio website for an individual named Kristoffer Daniels. Industry is unknown."
NS,krufgqsp.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,ktkingtiger.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business or entity using the ""King Tiger"" motif, possibly related to sports, defense, or a specific type of product. Industry is unknown."
A,kuboni-inc.co.za,no,"Owned by a private company (Inc.) in South Africa. The name Kuboni is a proper company name. Industry is unknown."
NS,kumahachi.me,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Kumahachi is registered to a private entity, possibly in Japan (as the name is Japanese). Industry is unknown."
A,kung11ducationalstdydeveloperinvestmenty.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,kung13eduationalstdydeveloperinvestmenty.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,kurdigroup.jo,no,"Owned by a private entity (Group) in Jordan. Kurdi Group is the name of a business, likely a holding or professional services company. Industry is unknown."
A,kuteshop.kienbientech.com,no,"Subdomain of kienbientech.com, a Vietnamese technology company. This sub-domain appears to be an e-commerce platform (kuteshop). Industry is E-commerce/Technology."
NS,kyariabb.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Registered under the name of a private entity, Kyariabb. Industry is unknown."
A,kyouei.co.th,no,"Owned by a private company in Thailand. Kyouei is a proper business name, possibly Japanese-related business in Thailand. Industry is unknown."
NS,l95dtz8.com,yes,"An alphanumeric string of characters, a common characteristic of domains generated by malware (DGA) or used for fast-flux or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,laboratoriovision.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name translates to ""Vision Laboratory,"" indicating a medical or scientific testing facility, likely related to ophthalmology or general diagnostics. Industry is Healthcare/Medical Services."
A,ladybug.gutterheatersus.com,no,"Subdomain of gutterheatersus.com, which appears to be a legitimate business selling gutter heating solutions in the US. Ladybug is likely a internal project or product name."
A,lagunalights.co.nz,no,"Owned by a private entity in New Zealand. The name suggests a business dealing with lighting or perhaps a specific location/resort. Industry is Lighting/Retail or Hospitality."
NS,lakesideresortcampground.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a hospitality business, a resort and campground located by a lakeside. Industry is Hospitality/Tourism."
A,lakeviewbinhduong.com.vn,no,"Owned by a private entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a real estate development or property related to a Lakeview area in Binh Duong province. Industry is Real Estate/Property Development."
NS,lamarconsultancy.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name indicates a professional services firm, Lamar Consultancy. Industry is Consulting/Business Services."
NS,land-create.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a focus on real estate, design, or landscape development. Industry is Real Estate/Design."
NS,landcareus.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to land management, landscaping, or environmental care in the US. Industry is Landscaping/Environmental Services."
A,landing1.allencarr.co.il,no,"Subdomain of allencarr.co.il, which is the website for the Allen Carr's Easyway to Stop Smoking clinic in Israel. This is likely a landing page for marketing purposes. Industry is Healthcare/Smoking Cessation."
A,langies65.org.za,no,"Owned by a private organization in South Africa. The domain is registered as an organization and likely a community group or local entity. Industry is unknown/Non-profit."
NS,langstraat.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Langstraat is a surname, potentially a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,lapurisima.cl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Chile. La Purisima is a proper name, often a location, school, or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,laraib.freelancefront.com,no,"Subdomain of freelancefront.com, which appears to be a platform for freelancers. ""laraib"" is likely a specific user's portfolio or profile on this platform. Industry is Freelancing/Technology."
NS,laroofing.services,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name clearly indicates a roofing service business, likely operating in Los Angeles (LA). Industry is Construction/Home Services."
NS,lashawnbarber.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for LaShawn Barber, potentially a writer or public speaker. Industry is unknown."
A,lastaffa.denunzio.it,no,"Subdomain of denunzio.it, a website in Italy. ""lastaffa"" is likely a specific page or section of that website. Industry is unknown."
NS,lastikpark.us,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the USA. The name, which contains the Turkish word ""Lastik"" (Tire) and ""Park,"" suggests a tire dealer or automotive service. Industry is Automotive/Retail."
NS,lastmorgoth.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is likely related to gaming, fantasy, or a fan site, referencing the fictional character Morgoth. Industry is Gaming/Entertainment."
NS,lastrada-sindorf.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name is likely a local restaurant or business named La Strada in the Sindorf area. Industry is Hospitality/Restaurant."
NS,lb-floor.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business specializing in flooring. Industry is Construction/Home Services."
A,lcxx.zbedu.net,no,"Subdomain of zbedu.net, which is an educational domain. LCXX is likely a specific department, program, or internal resource page. Industry is Education."
NS,leaflet-map-generator.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name clearly indicates a tool or service for generating maps using the Leaflet library. Industry is Software/Mapping."
A,learn.milwayresources.com,no,"Subdomain of milwayresources.com. The name suggests an educational or training section of the parent company. Industry is Education/Training."
NS,learnteachweb.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests an educational resource for web development or a learning platform. Industry is Education/Technology."
NS,leeroymaffo.website,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Leeroy Maffo. Industry is unknown."
NS,legentilphotographe.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name, which is French for ""The Gentle Photographer,"" suggests a professional photography service. Industry is Photography/Arts."
NS,lehrspiele.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""Educational Games,"" indicating a business that produces or sells educational software/games. Industry is Education/Gaming."
NS,lehuuhieu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Vietnam. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Le Huu Hieu. Industry is unknown."
NS,lehzig.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Lehzig is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,lejoliedoces.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name, which is Portuguese for ""The Pretty Sweets,"" suggests a bakery, confectionery, or dessert shop. Industry is Food/Hospitality."
NS,lelystaddoet.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Lelystad Doet is registered to a private entity, possibly in the Netherlands. Industry is unknown."
NS,leonardovargast.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Leonardo Vargas. Industry is unknown."
NS,letoilerestaurant.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a restaurant named L'Etoile (The Star). Industry is Hospitality/Restaurant."
NS,levininteriors.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an interior design or home decor business. Industry is Interior Design/Home Services."
A,lfcsghosi.co.in,no,"Owned by a private company/entity in India. The name LFCSG HOSI is likely an acronym or a company name. Industry is unknown."
NS,libroglobale.bid,yes,"The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious or fraudulent content, including online auction scams, spam, and malicious links. The name suggests a vague 'global book' theme, often used as bait."
NS,librores.press,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The .press TLD suggests a publishing or media entity. Industry is Publishing/Media."
NS,libya-info.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a news, information, or resource website focused on Libya. Industry is Media/Information."
NS,liceulogoga.ro,no,"Owned by an educational institution in Romania. The name is for the Goga High School/Liceu. Industry is Education."
A,lieugiaivinhomes.com.vn,no,"Owned by a private entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a business or resource related to the Vinhomes real estate brand and ""lieu giai"" (solutions/interpretations). Industry is Real Estate/Consulting."
NS,lifelineoutreach.com,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization or a private entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a social service, charity, or religious organization with an outreach program. Industry is Non-profit/Social Services."
NS,lifeprimary.site,yes,"The .site TLD is often used for high-volume, low-reputation content, including scams and deceptive sites. The generic name can be used for various temporary malicious campaigns."
NS,likingyetsnarl.com,yes,"A nonsensical, random word combination, which is a common characteristic of domains used in spam campaigns, botnets, or other ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,likuto.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Likuto is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,line.largefamiliesonpurpose.com,no,"Subdomain of largefamiliesonpurpose.com, a blog or resource for large families. ""line"" is likely an internal page or resource. Industry is Lifestyle/Blogging."
NS,lingenhb.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Lingen HB is registered to a private entity, possibly related to a location in Germany (Lingen). Industry is unknown."
NS,linx.li,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Liechtenstein (.li). The name suggests a linking service, technology company, or a personal brand. Industry is Technology/Unknown."
NS,lipribhoz.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name Lipribhoz is registered to a private entity, possibly related to an acronym or a local business. Industry is unknown."
NS,lirahoop.cl,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Chile. The name Lirahoop is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,lisansustu.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is Turkish for ""Postgraduate,"" suggesting a resource or forum for graduate studies. Industry is Education/Information."
NS,literateifted.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The vague, slightly misspelled name (literate gifted) is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,little.forexbrokerstoday.info,no,"Subdomain of forexbrokerstoday.info, which appears to be an informational site about Forex brokers. ""little"" is likely a specific page or section. Industry is Finance/Information."
NS,livedaynews.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a news or media website focused on current events. Industry is Media/News."
NS,liveinfiji.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a website or service offering information, relocation advice, or property related to living in Fiji. Industry is Tourism/Real Estate."
NS,livetotry.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a personal development, lifestyle, or motivational website/blog. Industry is Lifestyle/Blogging."
NS,livretotale.bid,yes,"The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious or fraudulent content, including online auction scams, spam, and malicious links. The name suggests a vague 'total book' theme, often used as bait."
A,location.fashionises.com,no,"Subdomain of fashionises.com, a fashion-related website. This is likely an internal page related to physical locations or settings. Industry is Fashion/E-commerce."
NS,locolocass.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name LocoLocasS is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,lofeier.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Lofeier is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,login.2345.com,no,"Subdomain of 2345.com, a large Chinese internet company with services like browsers, navigation, and utilities. This is the legitimate login portal for one of their services. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,logwoodonline.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce or informational business related to 'Logwood' (a type of wood or dye). Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,loitran.ml,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The .ml TLD is a free/cheap TLD often used by hobbyists or for temporary sites. Loitran is likely a personal name. Industry is unknown."
NS,lokipanelhostingnew.gq,yes,"The .gq TLD is a free/cheap TLD (from Equatorial Guinea) and is highly associated with spam and malicious sites. The name suggests a ""hosting"" or ""control panel"" theme, often used for phishing or malicious infrastructure."
A,lol.hanihao.com,no,"Subdomain of hanihao.com. ""lol"" is likely an internal short name or a specific, informal section of the site. Industry is unknown."
NS,long.af,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Afghanistan (.af). Long is likely a personal name or a short brand name. Industry is unknown."
A,longridgeclayshooting.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name indicates a legitimate business offering clay shooting services at Longridge. Industry is Sports/Leisure."
NS,lorenzobachman.ca,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Canada. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Lorenzo Bachman. Industry is unknown."
NS,lovettz.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Lovettz is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,lt.wu8188.com,no,"Subdomain of wu8188.com. ""lt"" is likely a short code for a specific language, location, or internal function. Industry is unknown."
A,lucasweb.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a web development or IT services company. Industry is Technology/Web Services."
NS,luckystatus.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business or information site related to status, luck, or self-improvement. Industry is unknown."
NS,luxuryflower.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a high-end florist or flower delivery service. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,m.img.dj129.com,no,"Subdomain of dj129.com, a site that appears to be related to images or media. This is likely a mobile-optimized image hosting subdomain. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,m.tuniucdn.com,no,"Subdomain of tuniucdn.com, a Chinese CDN (Content Delivery Network) used by Tuniu (a large Chinese online travel agency). This is a legitimate content delivery host for a mobile site. Industry is Travel/Technology."
NS,mackleyn.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Mackleyn is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,magedecorland.mediadevstaging.com,no,"Subdomain of mediadevstaging.com, indicating a development or staging environment for the magedecorland site. Industry is Web Development/Staging."
NS,magic-living.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to home improvement, lifestyle, or decor. Industry is Lifestyle/E-commerce."
NS,mahza.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Mahza is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,mail.autoshops.online,no,"Subdomain of autoshops.online, which appears to be a directory or service for auto shops. This is the legitimate mail server for that domain. Industry is Automotive/IT."
A,majesticwindows.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name suggests a business that installs or supplies windows. Industry is Construction/Retail."
A,malachitepark.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. The name suggests a physical location, potentially a nature reserve, resort, or housing development. Industry is Tourism/Real Estate."
A,mall.gongpin.net,no,"Subdomain of gongpin.net, likely a Chinese e-commerce site. This is the subdomain for their shopping mall. Industry is E-commerce."
A,mandarin.aquamarineku.com,no,"Subdomain of aquamarineku.com. This is likely a specific page or language version (Mandarin) of the site. Industry is unknown."
A,mans.cnusher.ind.in,no,"Subdomain of cnusher.ind.in. The purpose of ""mans"" is unclear, but the parent domain is an Indian entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,manuel-zeidler.eu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Europe. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Manuel Zeidler. Industry is unknown."
NS,marcopardini.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Italy. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Marco Pardini. Industry is unknown."
NS,mardinnews.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a news or media website focused on the city of Mardin in Turkey. Industry is Media/News."
A,mariaward.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the UK. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Maria Ward. Industry is unknown."
NS,mariereiko.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Marie Reiko is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,marinerevetement.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name, which contains the French word ""Revêtement"" (coating/flooring), suggests a business specializing in marine coatings or flooring. Industry is Marine/Construction."
A,maringareservas.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name translates to ""Maringa Reservations,"" suggesting a service for booking travel, hotels, or events in the Maringa area. Industry is Travel/Hospitality."
NS,mario-plata.de,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Germany. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Mario Plata. Industry is unknown."
NS,marketbd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The generic name 'marketbd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,marnas.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Marnas is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,mashhadani.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Mashhadani is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,massushotel.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a hotel named Massus. Industry is Hospitality/Hotels."
A,master.tus.io,no,"Subdomain of tus.io, which is an open protocol for resumable file uploads. This is likely a server for a master instance of the tus protocol. Industry is Technology/Software."
NS,masterstvo.org,no,"Owned by a private organization. The name is Russian for ""Mastery"" or ""Craftsmanship,"" suggesting a community, educational, or professional organization. Industry is Education/Non-profit."
NS,mcdc.club,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. MCDC is likely an acronym for a club, organization, or business. Industry is unknown."
NS,mdpev.de,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Germany. MDPEV is likely an acronym for a company or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,mecgwl.ac.in,no,"Owned by an educational institution (as suggested by .ac) in India. Likely a college or educational center in Meghalaya (MEG) or another specific region. Industry is Education."
NS,mechanicsources.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an information or resource website for mechanics or the automotive industry. Industry is Automotive/Information."
NS,medfetal.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests a medical organization focusing on fetal medicine. Industry is Healthcare/Non-profit."
NS,medfiles.me,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a service for managing or sharing medical files. Industry is Healthcare/Technology."
NS,media-shoten.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a media or publishing company, with ""Shoten"" possibly referencing a Japanese term for bookstore or shop. Industry is Media/Publishing."
A,media.easycashcode.com.s3.amazonaws.com,no,"This is an S3 bucket (Amazon Web Services storage) used to host media for easycashcode.com. This is a legitimate hosting method, though the content of easycashcode.com itself would need assessment. The domain is owned by Amazon for its S3 service, but is used by easycashcode.com. Industry is Technology/Cloud Hosting."
A,media.zumvu.com,no,"Subdomain of zumvu.com. This is likely the media content hosting subdomain for a legitimate website. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,media0.mypage.cz,no,"Subdomain of mypage.cz, a Czech hosting provider. This is likely a media content hosting subdomain for a user's page. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,media1.7x.cz,no,"Subdomain of 7x.cz, a Czech hosting provider. This is likely a media content hosting subdomain. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,media1.napady.net,no,"Subdomain of napady.net. The name suggests a media content subdomain for a site related to ""ideas"" (Napady is Czech/Slovak for ideas). Industry is Media/Information."
NS,medinfoprofs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a professional resource or organization for medical informatics professionals. Industry is Healthcare/Technology."
NS,medlinee.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name mimics the well-known medical database Medline, suggesting it is a less authoritative or related health information site. Industry is Healthcare/Information."
NS,meetyourneighbour.ca,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Canada. The name suggests a community, social networking, or local news website. Industry is Social Media/Community."
NS,megabitco.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business related to cryptocurrency or technology/IT. Industry is Finance/Technology."
NS,meidianahijab.id,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Indonesia. The name suggests an e-commerce store selling hijabs (headscarves) under the Meidiana brand. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,meisterbetrieb2006.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""Master Business 2006,"" indicating a certified trade business established in 2006. Industry is Trade/Construction/Services."
NS,meohaybotui.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Vietnam. The name translates to a phrase related to ""good tips/tricks in your pocket,"" suggesting a lifestyle or advice blog. Industry is Lifestyle/Blogging."
NS,merbay.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name Merbay is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,messenger.providesupport.com,no,"Subdomain of providesupport.com, a legitimate provider of live chat and customer support software. This is likely the server for their messenger service. Industry is Software/Customer Service."
NS,meta-designs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a design, architecture, or creative consulting firm. Industry is Design/Creative Services."
NS,metalhubadf.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The vague, keyword-stuffed name 'metalhubadf' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,mevabon.vn,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name Mevabon is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,mfpc.org.my,no,"Owned by an organization (.org) in Malaysia. MFPC is likely an acronym for a professional body or non-profit organization, possibly the Malaysian Financial Planning Council. Industry is Non-profit/Professional Organization."
NS,michu.eu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Europe. Michu is likely a personal name or short brand name. Industry is unknown."
NS,microcontroller-cafe.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a community, forum, or resource website for electronics and microcontroller enthusiasts/developers. Industry is Technology/Hobby."
A,microencapsulation.readmyweather.com,yes,"Subdomain of readmyweather.com, which has been identified as a high-risk domain often associated with suspicious or malicious content, including ad-heavy or intrusive pages. The name is nonsensical for a weather site, suggesting a temporary malicious purpose."
NS,microratings.tk,yes,"The .tk TLD is a free TLD (from Tokelau) and is highly associated with spam, scams, and malicious sites. The name suggests a rating service, which can be used to lure users into clicking links."
NS,mikeschryver.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for Mike Schryver. Industry is unknown."
NS,milap.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Milap is an Indian word meaning ""union"" or ""meeting,"" suggesting a matrimonial, community, or social networking site. Industry is Social/Community."
A,milebgd.mycpanel.rs,no,"Subdomain of mycpanel.rs, a hosting service in Serbia. This is likely a customer's website or control panel access point. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,milldesign.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a design firm, possibly specializing in architecture, interiors, or graphic design. Industry is Design/Creative Services."
NS,millennium-traders.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a business involved in trading, stocks, or investments. Industry is Finance/Investments."
NS,millionsawesomeproducts.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce or retail website selling various products. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,mimhospeda.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Mim Hospeda is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,mindrey.co,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Mindrey is likely a brand or personal name. Industry is unknown."
NS,minidvdsoft.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a software company specializing in DVD-related tools or utilities. Industry is Software/Technology."
A,minijuss.sslblindado.com,no,"Subdomain of sslblindado.com, a Brazilian security and hosting service. Minijuss is likely a customer's website or a specific service offering. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,miraclemanna.rajathm.com,no,"Subdomain of rajathm.com. Miraclemanna is likely a specific project or section of the site. Industry is unknown."
NS,miracletours.jp,no,"Owned by a private entity in Japan. The name suggests a travel agency specializing in tours. Industry is Travel/Tourism."
NS,miriambuttu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for Miriam Buttu. Industry is unknown."
NS,mirusstaffing.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a professional staffing or recruitment agency. Industry is Human Resources/Staffing."
A,mirzalar.com.tr,no,"Owned by a private entity in Turkey. Mirzalar is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,misionpsicologica.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name translates to ""Psychological Mission,"" suggesting a mental health practice or counseling service. Industry is Healthcare/Psychology."
A,misty-beppu-9627.lovesick.jp,no,"Subdomain of a Japanese hosting service (lovesick.jp). This is likely a personal or test website with a randomly generated name. Industry is Hosting/Personal."
A,mitsui-jyuku.mixh.jp,no,"Subdomain of a Japanese hosting service (mixh.jp). Mitsui-Jyuku is likely a local school or tutoring center. Industry is Education/Hosting."
A,mmrj.entadsl.com,no,"Subdomain of entadsl.com. MMRJ is likely an acronym for an internal project or resource. Industry is unknown."
NS,mobdvservice.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a mobile device repair or service business. Industry is Technology/Services."
A,mobile-fueldrain.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a legitimate mobile service for draining incorrect fuel from vehicles. Industry is Automotive Services."
A,mobilefueldoctor.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a legitimate mobile service for fuel-related vehicle issues. Industry is Automotive Services."
A,mobileroadie.siaraya.com,no,"Subdomain of siaraya.com. This is likely a platform or service related to a mobile roadie/development tool. Industry is Technology/Software."
NS,mobilizr.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business focused on mobile technology, development, or marketing. Industry is Technology/Marketing."
NS,modcloudserver.eu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Europe. The name suggests a hosting or server service, possibly specializing in modding or specific software. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,mohamedsamy.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for Mohamed Samy. Industry is unknown."
NS,montecarloclub.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a social club, entertainment venue, or online gaming site. Industry is Hospitality/Entertainment."
A,month.nualias.com,no,"Subdomain of nualias.com. The purpose of ""month"" is unclear, but likely an internal page or statistic. Industry is unknown."
NS,monthlittlelady.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The random, vague name 'monthlittlelady' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure or a low-quality dating/scam site."
A,moo.parenthoodvr.com,no,"Subdomain of parenthoodvr.com. ""moo"" is likely a short code for a specific page or internal project. Industry is unknown."
NS,morgjeffy.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Morgjeffy is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,moriapousada.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a guesthouse or inn (Pousada Moria). Industry is Hospitality/Tourism."
NS,mossbeachmusic.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a music-related business, studio, or artist. Industry is Music/Entertainment."
NS,motoresin.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to motors, possibly motorsports, automotive parts, or related services. Industry is Automotive/Retail."
NS,mp3-pesnja.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is Russian for ""MP3 Song,"" suggesting a music download or streaming site, often for non-commercial or gray-area content. Industry is Entertainment/Music."
NS,mployme.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name suggests a recruitment, job search, or staffing service. Industry is Human Resources/Employment."
NS,mrtool.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. The name suggests a business selling tools or providing a utility service. Industry is Retail/Services."
NS,mrwashingmachine.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an appliance repair or sales business specializing in washing machines. Industry is Home Services/Retail."
NS,mseriesbmw.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. While the name suggests a BMW enthusiast site, it could be a fake product or a phishing/scam site due to the TLD."
NS,mskproekt.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name stands for ""Moscow Project,"" suggesting a design, construction, or engineering firm based in Moscow. Industry is Engineering/Construction."
NS,mtaylordrywall.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a drywall installation and repair service, likely operated by M. Taylor. Industry is Construction/Home Services."
NS,mtnet.ro,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Romania. MT Net is likely an acronym for a company or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,mtsx.com.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. MTSX is likely an acronym or a proper company name. Industry is unknown."
NS,muhtesem20gb.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The name uses the bait term ""20gb"" and ""muhtesem"" (magnificent) to lure Turkish users, likely a phishing or prize scam."
NS,muhtessemramazan20gb.com,yes,"Uses common bait terms (""muhtessem"" - magnificent, ""ramazan,"" ""20gb"") associated with deceptive free internet/prize scams targeting Turkish users, often used for phishing or credential harvesting."
NS,multisale-ariston.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. The name suggests a multi-product retailer, likely dealing with Ariston brand products (appliances). Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,multitrend.yt,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Mayotte (.yt). The name suggests a business focused on multiple trends or a diverse product range. Industry is unknown."
NS,mumbaimalmo.se,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Sweden. The name suggests a business connecting Mumbai (India) and Malmo (Sweden), perhaps a cultural exchange, travel, or trade company. Industry is unknown."
NS,munesdon.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The vague, nonsensical name 'munesdon' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,muybn.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Muybn is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,mwxya.dobeat.top,yes,"Subdomain of dobeat.top, which is an extremely high-risk domain with the .top TLD (frequently used for malicious purposes). The nonsensical subdomain 'mwxya' is a strong indicator of DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,mxpiqw.am.files.1drv.com,no,"This is a file hosting path on 1drv.com, the domain for **Microsoft OneDrive**. This is a legitimate service but is often used by malicious actors to host payloads. However, the host itself is legitimate."
A,my.b2b.hc360.com,no,"Subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese B2B e-commerce platform. This is the legitimate business-to-business (B2B) section of the site. Industry is E-commerce/Technology."
NS,mybnk2umy.net,yes,"This domain mimics the structure of online banking/money transfer services (My Bank To U My), making it highly suspicious for a **phishing** attempt, aiming to trick users into entering credentials."
A,myflightbase.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a service or resource for tracking and managing flights. Industry is Travel/Technology."
NS,mygov-warning.online,yes,"This domain mimics a government or security warning, aiming to scare or trick users into compliance. The low-cost .online TLD is frequently used for malicious campaigns like tech support scams or phishing."
NS,myintromationsz.win,yes,"The .win TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious or malicious content, including scams and deceptive sites. The garbled and nonsensical name 'myintromationsz' is highly indicative of DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,myintromationszcj.win,yes,"The .win TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious or malicious content, including scams and deceptive sites. The garbled and nonsensical name 'myintromationszcj' is highly indicative of DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,mylocalfoodie.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name suggests a food blog, review site, or local food delivery/information service. Industry is Food/Lifestyle."
NS,mysocialmedia.life,yes,"The .life TLD is often used for high-volume, low-reputation content, including scams and deceptive sites. The generic name can be used for various social media-themed phishing or scam campaigns."
NS,mytim-telecom20gb.com,yes,"The domain mimics a legitimate telecom provider (**TIM** in Turkey) and uses the bait term ""20gb,"" indicating a **phishing** or prize scam targeting the provider's customers."
NS,nabionov.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Nabionov is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,naifan222.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Naifan 222 is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,naildumarche.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a nail salon or beauty supply business. Industry is Beauty/Retail."
NS,nalahotel.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a hotel or hospitality business. Industry is Hospitality/Hotels."
NS,naritamemorial.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to memorials or services near Narita, Japan, perhaps related to a cemetery or travel/remembrance. Industry is Services/Tourism."
A,narranderagolfclub.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name clearly indicates the official website for the Narrandera Golf Club. Industry is Sports/Leisure."
NS,nasimfars.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. The name suggests a company or organization named Nasim Fars, likely related to media, news, or a specific region (Fars). Industry is unknown."
NS,nataliawalthphotography.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a professional portfolio/website for a photographer named Natalia Walth. Industry is Photography/Arts."
NS,nataliezhiltsova.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Natalie Zhiltsova. Industry is unknown."
NS,naturahipica.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business or club related to horses and equestrian sports. Industry is Sports/Equestrian."
NS,naturepack.cc,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a business related to eco-friendly packaging, outdoor goods, or environmental services. Industry is Packaging/Environmental."
A,naturezaelimpeza.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name translates to ""Nature and Cleaning,"" suggesting an eco-friendly cleaning service or product retailer. Industry is Services/Retail."
A,ncmt2w.bn.files.1drv.com,no,"This is a file hosting path on 1drv.com, the domain for **Microsoft OneDrive**. This is a legitimate service but is often used by malicious actors to host payloads. However, the host itself is legitimate."
NS,ncpcgov.com,yes,"This domain name mimics an official government or non-profit entity (e.g., National Crime Prevention Council - NCPC) but uses a generic .com TLD instead of the expected .gov or .org, making it highly suspicious for **phishing** or misrepresentation."
NS,ncpll1392.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. NCPL L1392 is likely an acronym or an internal code for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
NS,necesserystrong.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The vague, nonsensical name 'necesserystrong' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,nederlandslinguistischinstituut.nl,no,"Owned by an educational or research institution in the Netherlands. The name is Dutch for ""Netherlands Linguistic Institute,"" indicating a legitimate academic body. Industry is Education/Research."
NS,nederveencosmetics.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name suggests a cosmetics or beauty product business associated with the name Nederveen. Industry is Beauty/Retail."
NS,nephemp.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to hemp or CBD products. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,nesrincoban.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Turkey. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Nesrin Coban. Industry is unknown."
NS,net-tribe.jp,no,"Owned by a private entity in Japan. The name suggests a technology company or online community focused on networking. Industry is Technology/IT."
A,netcozumler.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is Turkish for ""Net Solutions,"" suggesting an IT consulting or web development business. Industry is Technology/IT."
A,netdesign.co.jp,no,"Owned by a private company in Japan. The name suggests a web or graphic design company. Industry is Design/Creative Services."
NS,netphonetlc.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. The name suggests a business related to internet telephony or communication services. Industry is Telecommunications."
NS,nevefe.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Nevefe is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,nevergreen.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Nevergreen is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,newcentury.vyudu.tech,no,"Subdomain of vyudu.tech. This is likely a customer's website or a project named ""New Century"" on a technology platform. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,newchinese2profesionalandhealthanalysis.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,newexperience.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a company focused on consumer experience, marketing, or events. Industry is Marketing/Services."
A,newsha.jsonland.ir,no,"Subdomain of jsonland.ir, an Iranian website. Newsha is likely a specific page or project name. Industry is unknown."
NS,niechzial.de,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Germany. The name Niechzial is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,nieuw.melpa.nl,no,"Subdomain of melpa.nl, a Dutch website. ""Nieuw"" (New) is likely the new or updated section of the site. Industry is unknown."
NS,nightvision.tech,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The .tech TLD suggests a technology focus. The name clearly indicates a business related to night vision technology or products. Industry is Technology/Defense/Retail."
A,nilemixitupd.biz.pl,yes,"The domain uses a highly suspicious, vague name, and the combination of .biz and .pl is unusual, often indicating an illegitimate or quickly-registered site for spam or scams."
NS,nincom.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. Nincom is likely an acronym or a proper company name. Industry is unknown."
NS,nisekotourguide.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name clearly indicates a travel and guide service for the Niseko region, likely in Japan. Industry is Tourism/Travel."
NS,nitromethane.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a site related to motorsports, performance fuels, or chemistry. Industry is Automotive/Hobby."
A,nivel8.com.mx,no,"Owned by a private entity in Mexico. The name translates to ""Level 8,"" likely a business name or product. Industry is unknown."
A,nm73bw.by.files.1drv.com,no,"This is a file hosting path on 1drv.com, the domain for **Microsoft OneDrive**. This is a legitimate service but is often used by malicious actors to host payloads. However, the host itself is legitimate."
A,nofound.000webhostapp.com,yes,"Subdomain of 000webhostapp.com, a free hosting service. Free hosting is heavily abused by malicious actors. The name ""nofound"" suggests an error page or a throwaway site, often used for temporary phishing or redirect pages."
NS,northernlights.media,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a media company, production studio, or creative agency. Industry is Media/Creative Services."
NS,northstarguides.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a guide service, consultancy, or outdoor/adventure company. Industry is Tourism/Consulting."
A,nossafail.blogspot.com.br,no,"Subdomain of blogspot.com.br, Google's blog hosting service in Brazil. While blogs can host malicious content, the host itself is legitimate, and the name suggests an informal, possibly humorous blog (""Our Fail""). Industry is Blogging."
A,notificetionwem.fr.nf,yes,"The combination of the free French domain service (.fr.nf) and the misspelled/vague name ""notificetionwem"" is highly suspicious, often indicating a throwaway site used for phishing or malicious redirects."
NS,notiluxe.fr,no,"Owned by a private entity in France. The name suggests a site related to luxury news or high-end products. Industry is Media/E-commerce."
A,number.vxshopping.com,no,"Subdomain of vxshopping.com. The purpose of ""number"" is unclear, but it is likely an internal page or resource for the shopping site. Industry is E-commerce."
NS,nutandbolts.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name clearly suggests a business selling nuts and bolts or industrial fasteners. Industry is Manufacturing/Retail."
A,nvlegal.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. The name suggests a legal firm or service, likely associated with the initials NV. Industry is Legal Services."
NS,nvlenergie.fr,no,"Owned by a private entity in France. The name suggests an energy-related business. Industry is Energy."
NS,oasis-lab.sk,no,"Owned by a private entity in Slovakia. The name suggests a laboratory, research center, or technology company. Industry is Science/Technology."
A,obadescontos.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name translates to ""Oh Discounts,"" suggesting a coupon, deal, or e-commerce website. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,od.lk,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. This is a common **URL shortening/file hosting service** (similar to Bitly or Dropbox), which can host malicious content, but the domain itself is a legitimate service. Industry is Technology/File Hosting."
NS,office-archive-index.com,yes,"This domain name mimics the names of legitimate cloud or software services (Microsoft Office, archiving). It is highly likely to be a **phishing** site designed to steal Microsoft or corporate credentials."
NS,office-archive-input.com,yes,"This domain name mimics the names of legitimate cloud or software services (Microsoft Office, archiving). It is highly likely to be a **phishing** site designed to steal Microsoft or corporate credentials."
NS,office-cloud-reserve.com,yes,"This domain name mimics the names of legitimate cloud or software services (Microsoft Office, cloud storage, reserving files). It is highly likely to be a **phishing** site designed to steal Microsoft or corporate credentials."
NS,okazaki.cc,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Okazaki is a common Japanese surname or place name. Industry is unknown."
NS,oldwillysforum.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a forum or community website for owners and enthusiasts of vintage Willys (Jeep) vehicles. Industry is Automotive/Hobby."
A,ombieri.goldenextra.ru,yes,"Subdomain of goldenextra.ru, which has a very low reputation and is often associated with suspicious Russian-based content. The nonsensical subdomain 'ombieri' suggests a throwaway or malicious host."
A,onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnineten.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The very long, nonsensical keyword-stuffed name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,online.citicard.com.urmhkzkijz.devx.ro,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `online.citicard.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is `devx.ro`, which is a suspicious, random TLD often used for malicious purposes. The random string `urmhkzkijz` reinforces its throwaway nature."
NS,onlinedukkanim.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name is Turkish for ""My Online Shop,"" suggesting an e-commerce platform or a website builder. Industry is E-commerce/Technology."
NS,onlink-aoiuvr.com,yes,"The name uses a nonsensical alphanumeric string, which is highly indicative of DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure used for C2 or spam."
NS,oopiqwueqwejnsa.com,yes,"A nonsensical, long string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,opennet.jp,no,"Owned by a private entity in Japan. The name suggests an internet service provider or a technology company focused on open networking. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,opulcegino1212.ilawa.pl,no,"Subdomain of ilawa.pl, a Polish town's website or portal. This is likely a personal or local page on that server. Industry is unknown/Local."
A,orange.bageriethornslet.dk,no,"Subdomain of bageriethornslet.dk, a bakery in Denmark. ""Orange"" is likely a specific product, page, or internal resource. Industry is Food/Hospitality."
NS,orbitdevelopers.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a software development firm or a real estate developer. Industry is Technology/Real Estate."
NS,osheoufhusheoghuesd.ru,yes,"A nonsensical, long string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,oskarnews.gazashare.com,no,"Subdomain of gazashare.com. Oskar News is likely a specific news/blog section of the site. Industry is Media/News."
NS,osnolum.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Osnolum is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,otanityre.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business dealing with tires, possibly a dealer or manufacturer. Industry is Automotive/Retail."
NS,ourbestidea.website,yes,"The .website TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The generic name can be used for various deceptive campaigns."
NS,ourversionfragrances.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce or retail business selling perfumes or fragrances. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,outcaste-television.000webhostapp.com,yes,"Subdomain of 000webhostapp.com, a free hosting service. Free hosting is heavily abused by malicious actors. The name is also vague and suggestive of low-reputation content."
A,oz.timeisletitgo.ru,yes,"Subdomain of timeisletitgo.ru, which has been associated with suspicious or low-reputation Russian-based content. The random subdomain 'oz' suggests a throwaway or malicious host."
A,p0.55tuanimg.com,no,"Subdomain of 55tuanimg.com, which appears to be an image hosting site. This is a legitimate content delivery host for media. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,pacolano.com.vn,no,"Owned by a private entity in Vietnam. The name Pacolano is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,pakgt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name PakGT is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,pandemidestek-gov.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Pandemic Support-Gov"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,panthawas.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Panthawas is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,papabubbleksa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a franchise or location of the Papabubble candy store brand in Saudi Arabia (KSA). Industry is Food/Retail."
NS,papara-kampanya.com,yes,"The domain mimics the name of the legitimate Turkish payment company **Papara** and uses the word ""kampanya"" (campaign). This is a strong indicator of a **phishing** attempt to steal Papara account credentials."
A,pareshnathtemple.knowinfo.in,no,"Subdomain of knowinfo.in, an Indian information site. This is likely a specific page dedicated to Pareshnath Temple. Industry is Information/Culture."
NS,parkinglotgame.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The name suggests a low-quality or scam gaming site."
NS,parpakitos.ug,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Uganda. The name Parpakitos is a proper name, possibly a business or personal site. Industry is unknown."
NS,pastavadese.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an Italian-themed restaurant or food business. Industry is Hospitality/Restaurant."
NS,paste.ee,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Estonia. This is a legitimate **pastebin service** used for sharing text snippets. While often used by malicious actors to host C2 data/configs, the service itself is legitimate. Industry is Technology/Utility."
NS,pastebin.com,no,"Owned by a private entity, based in the USA. This is a legitimate and widely-used **pastebin service** for sharing text snippets. While often abused by malicious actors, the service itself is legitimate. Industry is Technology/Utility."
A,pat.vyudu.tech,no,"Subdomain of vyudu.tech. ""pat"" is likely a customer's website or a project name on a technology platform. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,pawotronik.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name Pawotronik is a proper business name, likely related to electronics or technology. Industry is Technology."
NS,pb-xt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. PB-XT is likely an acronym or an internal product name. Industry is unknown."
NS,pcsolitare.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a site for the game Solitaire, likely for online play or downloads. Industry is Gaming."
A,pear.dementiaadvocacy.com,no,"Subdomain of dementiaadvocacy.com, a site related to dementia advocacy. ""pear"" is likely an internal project or short code. Industry is Healthcare/Non-profit."
NS,pechibella.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Pechi Bella is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,pensjonat-domino.pl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Poland. The name translates to ""Domino Guesthouse,"" indicating a legitimate hospitality business. Industry is Hospitality/Tourism."
NS,perezdearceycia.cl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Chile. Perez de Arce y Cia is likely a law firm, accounting firm, or consultancy. Industry is Professional Services."
NS,periotexas.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a periodontal practice in Texas. Industry is Healthcare/Dentistry."
NS,perrynamehbd.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,personalfsbocoach.com,yes,"The domain uses a vague, keyword-stuffed name and the word 'coach' along with 'personal' and 'fsbo' (For Sale By Owner), which is a common pattern for low-quality or potentially deceptive financial/real estate lead-generation scams."
A,pesonamas.co.id,no,"Owned by a private company in Indonesia. Pesonamas is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,pestxbakersfield.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a pest control service in Bakersfield, CA. Industry is Local Services/Pest Control."
NS,pet-mouse.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a resource or shop for pet mice. Industry is Hobbies/Pets."
NS,peterssandmay.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Peters & Sandmay is likely a firm or partnership. Industry is unknown."
NS,petromltd.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a company in the petroleum or energy industry. Industry is Energy."
NS,pfionline.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. PFI Online is likely an acronym for a company or online service. Industry is unknown."
NS,phacheminhquan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a business or service related to mixing/brewing (pha che) associated with Minh Quan. Industry is Food/Beverage/Training."
NS,phanminhhuy.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Phan Minh Huy. Industry is unknown."
NS,phillbecker.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Phill Becker. Industry is unknown."
NS,phongchitt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name Phong Chitt is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,photocdn.sohu.com,no,"Subdomain of sohu.com, a major Chinese internet portal. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for images. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,phuhaihoang.vn,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name Phu Hai Hoang is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,physiodelacomba.ch,no,"Owned by a private entity in Switzerland. The name suggests a physiotherapy practice. Industry is Healthcare/Physiotherapy."
A,pic.8liuxing.com,no,"Subdomain of 8liuxing.com, a Chinese website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,pic.baike.soso.com,no,"Subdomain of soso.com (formerly Tencent's search engine) for its encyclopedia (baike) service. This is a legitimate image hosting subdomain. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,pic.cnnb.com.cn,no,"Subdomain of cnnb.com.cn, a news or government-related Chinese website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,pic.lshou.com,no,"Subdomain of lshou.com, a Chinese website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,pic.shejiben.com,no,"Subdomain of shejiben.com, a Chinese design and home decoration site. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Design/Media."
A,pic1.manyue.cn,no,"Subdomain of manyue.cn, a Chinese website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Media/Hosting."
A,pic1.ooopic.com,no,"Subdomain of ooopic.com, a Chinese image and design resource site. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Design/Media."
A,pic2.bbzhi.com,no,"Subdomain of bbzhi.com, a Chinese design/art website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain. Industry is Design/Media."
NS,pickap.io,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a service or app for picking something up. Industry is Technology/Services."
A,picm.bbzhi.com,no,"Subdomain of bbzhi.com, a Chinese design/art website. This is a legitimate image/picture hosting subdomain, likely for mobile images. Industry is Design/Media."
NS,piedmontrescue.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests an animal rescue, disaster relief, or community service organization in the Piedmont region. Industry is Non-profit/Social Services."
NS,piflogistics.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a company involved in logistics and supply chain. Industry is Logistics/Transportation."
NS,pilatesrishon.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a Pilates studio or service in Rishon LeZion, Israel. Industry is Health/Fitness."
A,ping.covid-19.casa,no,"Subdomain of covid-19.casa. This is likely a utility/status (ping) subdomain for a site related to COVID-19 information or housing. Industry is Health/Information."
NS,pinmicro.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a technology company focused on micro-location or small-scale tracking technology. Industry is Technology/IoT."
NS,pinsuccess.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business focused on success, perhaps a coaching, self-help, or marketing platform. Industry is Consulting/Lifestyle."
NS,pisosribarroja.es,no,"Owned by a private entity in Spain. The name translates to ""Riba-roja Floors/Apartments,"" suggesting a real estate or flooring business in that area. Industry is Real Estate/Construction."
NS,pitmansticks.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business selling or related to drumsticks (Pitman is a brand). Industry is Music/Retail."
NS,pjhku.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. PJHKU is likely an acronym or an internal code. Industry is unknown."
A,plataformaderevistaonline.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name translates to ""Online Magazine Platform,"" suggesting a legitimate publishing or media service. Industry is Media/Publishing."
A,platinumfilms.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a film or video production company. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,platisher.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The vague, nonsensical name 'platisher' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,player.polyv.net,no,"Subdomain of polyv.net, a major Chinese video cloud service. This is the legitimate video player host. Industry is Technology/Video Hosting."
NS,playkey.ga,yes,"The .ga TLD is a free TLD (from Gabon) and is highly associated with spam, scams, and malicious sites. While Playkey is a legitimate cloud gaming service, the use of this TLD is highly suspicious and likely an unauthorized or malicious mirror/phishing site."
NS,playstationgame.tk,yes,"This domain combines a well-known brand (**PlayStation**) with a high-risk TLD (**tk** - a free TLD highly associated with scams/malware). This is a strong indicator of a **phishing** or fake game distribution site."
NS,plexle.us,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the USA. The name Plexle is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,pocketfsa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a financial service or application, possibly related to Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA). Industry is Finance/Technology."
NS,podstrigis.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Podstrigis is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,pokerlivestar.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a poker-related website, likely for news, tournaments, or community. Industry is Gaming/Entertainment."
NS,polarr.cc,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. This is the domain for **Polarr**, a legitimate photo editing software company. Industry is Software/Technology."
NS,pollarr.top,yes,"This domain is a **typosquatting** attempt on the legitimate brand **Polarr** (polarr.cc), combined with the high-risk, low-cost TLD **.top**. This is a strong indicator of a malicious site, likely phishing or serving malware."
NS,pommern-info.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""Pomerania Info,"" suggesting a regional news or tourism website. Industry is Media/Tourism."
NS,popopoqweneqw.com,yes,"A nonsensical, long string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,portal.dddgaming.com,no,"Subdomain of dddgaming.com. This is likely the login portal for their gaming community or service. Industry is Gaming."
A,portal.nfbpc.org,no,"Subdomain of nfbpc.org, an organization's website. This is the legitimate member or information portal for the organization. Industry is Non-profit/Organization."
NS,portuense.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. Portuense is a proper name, often referring to a location in Rome or a related business. Industry is unknown."
NS,positivebusinessimages.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business consultancy or marketing firm focused on public relations and branding. Industry is Consulting/Marketing."
NS,poslovno-pregovaranje.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is Croatian for ""Business Negotiation,"" suggesting a professional training or consulting service. Industry is Consulting/Education."
NS,posqit.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Posqit is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,poswieciekuchni.pl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Poland. The name translates to ""Dedicated to the Kitchen,"" suggesting a cooking blog, recipe site, or kitchen supply retailer. Industry is Food/Retail."
NS,potamitis.gr,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Greece. Potamitis is a Greek surname, likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
A,poverty.tutoner.tk,yes,"This domain combines a generic, emotional keyword (**poverty**) with a high-risk TLD (**tk** - a free TLD highly associated with scams/malware). This is highly suspicious and likely a scam or misinformation site."
A,power.bestconstructionexpertwitness.com,no,"Subdomain of bestconstructionexpertwitness.com, a site related to legal/construction consulting. ""power"" is likely an internal page or resource. Industry is Legal/Construction."
A,ppt.downhot.com,no,"Subdomain of downhot.com. This is likely a file hosting or download page, possibly for PowerPoint presentations (PPT). Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,pre-edu.tzsz.net,no,"Subdomain of tzsz.net. This is likely a pre-enrollment or preparatory educational resource. Industry is Education."
A,prefer.gutterhelment.com,no,"Subdomain of gutterhelment.com, which appears to be a gutter-related business. ""prefer"" is likely a specific page or product section."
NS,premium-logic.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business focused on technology, consulting, or software development. Industry is Technology/Consulting."
NS,prepaidgift.co,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name clearly suggests a business related to prepaid gift cards or services. Industry is Finance/Retail."
NS,preparadoroposicionesinfantil.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Spain. The name translates to ""Infant (Child) Opposition Preparer,"" suggesting a service for preparing for Spanish civil service exams for early childhood education. Industry is Education."
NS,primecontentstudios.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a content creation, media, or video production company. Industry is Media/Creative Services."
NS,prinzkel.eu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Europe. Prinzkel is likely a personal name or a short brand name. Industry is unknown."
NS,privacytoolsstore.website,yes,"The .website TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The name suggests a security/privacy tools store, which can be used as bait for phishing or distributing fake/malicious software."
A,prodigtsdy5organizationalcompanygroupin.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,profigera.pt,no,"Owned by a private entity in Portugal. Profigera is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,progresivne.cz,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Czech Republic. The name translates to ""Progressive,"" suggesting a political, advocacy, or forward-thinking business/organization. Industry is unknown."
NS,promacsolutions.mx,no,"Owned by a private entity in Mexico. The name suggests an IT, software, or technology consulting business. Industry is Technology/Consulting."
NS,promienzary.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Promien Zary is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,promoagency.sk,no,"Owned by a private entity in Slovakia. The name suggests a promotional or marketing agency. Industry is Marketing/Advertising."
A,propellertree.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. Propeller Tree is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,propertys.co,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a real estate or property listing service. Industry is Real Estate."
A,proplast.co.nz,no,"Owned by a private entity in New Zealand. The name suggests a company dealing with plastic products or services. Industry is Manufacturing/Plastics."
A,prosperity.charifree.org,no,"Subdomain of charifree.org, a charitable/non-profit organization. ""prosperity"" is likely a specific program or initiative of the organization. Industry is Non-profit."
NS,prosperworkshops.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business offering workshops, training, or consulting focused on prosperity/success. Industry is Education/Consulting."
NS,protestlabsmovings.es,no,"Owned by a private entity in Spain. The name suggests a moving or logistics company with the brand Protest Labs. Industry is Logistics/Services."
A,proxy.2u0apcm6ylhdy7s.com,yes,"The nonsensical subdomain 'proxy' and the alphanumeric main domain name strongly suggest a **fast-flux** or ephemeral malicious infrastructure used for C2 (Command and Control) or as a proxy for malicious traffic."
NS,prssmart.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. PRS Smart is likely an acronym for a company or product. Industry is unknown."
NS,pspvprovalencia.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization in Spain. PSPV Pro Valencia is likely a political, professional, or social organization focused on the Valencia region. Industry is Non-profit/Political."
A,public.dm.files.1drv.com,no,"This is a file hosting path on 1drv.com, the domain for **Microsoft OneDrive**. This is a legitimate service but is often used by malicious actors to host payloads. However, the host itself is legitimate."
NS,puchovsky.sk,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Slovakia. Puchovsky is a surname, likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,pulp99.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a media company, blog, or creative agency. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,pussyhunters.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name is explicit and suggests a pornographic or adult entertainment website. Industry is Adult Entertainment."
NS,puzzlesway.ch,no,"Owned by a private entity in Switzerland. The name suggests a business related to games, puzzles, or education. Industry is Gaming/Entertainment."
NS,pyxalis.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Pyxalis is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,q8dl3.com,yes,"A short, alphanumeric string of characters, which is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,q993210v.bget.ru,no,"Subdomain of bget.ru, a legitimate Russian hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website or internal test page with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,qasga.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'qasga' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,qiiqur.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,qlifamily.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name QLI Family suggests a social service, religious, or community organization. Industry is Non-profit/Social Services."
NS,qshdch.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. QSHDCH is likely an acronym or an internal code. Industry is unknown."
NS,quebec-lea.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Canada. The name suggests a business or organization related to Quebec and the acronym LEA. Industry is unknown."
NS,quecik.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Quecik is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,qut6oga5219bf00e.com,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string containing a hex sequence ('bf00e'), which is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,qzonestyle.gtimg.cn,no,"Subdomain of gtimg.cn (Tencent's Content Delivery Network). This hosts CSS/style files for Qzone, Tencent's social network. This is a legitimate content delivery host. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,r...content-available-to-author-only...a.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The specific name is hidden, but the .org TLD suggests a non-commercial entity. Industry is Non-profit."
NS,rabota-v-inretnete.ga,yes,"The domain name, a slight typo of the Russian phrase for ""work on the internet"" (**rabota v internete**), combined with the high-risk TLD **.ga**, is a strong indicator of a **scam** or phishing site related to fraudulent online employment schemes."
A,racinganalysis.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a service providing analysis and tips for racing events. Industry is Sports/Gambling Information."
A,raffaelli.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. Raffaelli is a proper name, likely a business or family name. Industry is unknown."
NS,raihanchow.us,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for Raihan Chow. Industry is unknown."
A,rainsoul.com.tw,no,"Owned by a private entity in Taiwan. The name Rainsoul is a proper business or product name. Industry is unknown."
A,rakbot.g3t.ru,no,"Subdomain of g3t.ru, a Russian hosting provider. Rakbot is likely a customer's website or an internal project name. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,ramazan20gbinternet.com,yes,"Uses common bait terms (""ramazan,"" ""20gb,"" ""internet"") associated with deceptive free internet/prize scams targeting Turkish users, often used for phishing or credential harvesting."
NS,ramazanda20.site,yes,"The .site TLD is often used for high-volume, low-reputation content, including scams and deceptive sites. The name uses the bait term ""ramazan"" and ""20"" to lure Turkish users, likely a phishing or prize scam."
NS,ramazanda20gb.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The name uses the bait term ""ramazan"" and ""20gb"" to lure Turkish users, likely a phishing or prize scam."
NS,ramz.af,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Afghanistan (.af). Ramz is a proper name, likely a personal or short brand name. Industry is unknown."
NS,rangebroadcasting.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a media company or service related to radio/TV broadcasting. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,ratamodu.ga,yes,"The .ga TLD is a free TLD (from Gabon) and is highly associated with spam, scams, and malicious sites. The name 'ratamodu' is nonsensical and indicative of ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,rawcdn.githack.com,no,"Subdomain of githack.com, which serves raw files directly from GitHub as a Content Delivery Network (CDN). While often used to host malicious scripts, the domain itself is a legitimate developer tool. Industry is Technology/Development."
A,rdnetworkdesign.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a business specializing in network design or IT consulting. Industry is Technology/IT Services."
NS,rdt24.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. RDT 24 is likely an acronym for a company or service. Industry is unknown."
NS,realestatecurve.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to real estate trends, analytics, or consulting. Industry is Real Estate/Finance."
NS,realsun.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name RealSun is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,reesn.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'reesn' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,reinoudvanrooij.nl,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the Netherlands. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Reinoud van Rooij, possibly a linguist or academic. Industry is unknown."
NS,remkuzov33.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a vehicle body repair (remont kuzov) service in the region with code 33 (Vladimir Oblast). Industry is Automotive Services."
NS,renatocal.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Renato Cal. Industry is unknown."
NS,reportpayment2020.com,yes,"The domain name suggests a portal for reporting payments (e.g., taxes, government benefits) with a year, a common pattern for **phishing** campaigns aimed at stealing financial or personal information."
A,res.bigc.edu.cn,no,"Subdomain of bigc.edu.cn, a Chinese educational institution. This is likely a resource hosting subdomain. Industry is Education."
A,res1.age06.com,no,"Subdomain of age06.com. This is likely a resource hosting subdomain. Industry is unknown."
NS,retrogame.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a business or community website dedicated to retro video games. Industry is Gaming/Entertainment."
A,return.uk.domainnamesales.com,no,"Subdomain of domainnamesales.com. This is likely a tracking or processing page for domain sales in the UK. Industry is Technology/Domain Services."
NS,reyatel.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Reyatel is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,rgfloors.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name suggests a business specializing in flooring. Industry is Construction/Retail."
A,rick.nirmallife.co.in,no,"Subdomain of nirmallife.co.in, an Indian business. ""rick"" is likely an internal page or customer's site. Industry is unknown."
A,ricklemon.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in the UK. Likely a personal or professional website for an individual named Rick Lemon. Industry is unknown."
NS,rifaboasorte.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Brazil. The name translates to ""Good Luck Raffle,"" suggesting a legitimate lottery, raffle, or sweepstakes site. Industry is Entertainment/Lottery."
NS,ritmicamente.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. The name translates to ""Rhythmically,"" suggesting a music school, dance studio, or artistic endeavor. Industry is Arts/Education."
NS,rksinha.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named R.K. Sinha. Industry is unknown."
A,rockersdolphin.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. The name suggests a business or club. Industry is unknown."
NS,roddw.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Roddw is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,rolandojgarcia.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Rolando J. Garcia. Industry is unknown."
NS,rollingmill.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name clearly suggests a business related to rolling mills, likely in manufacturing or industry. Industry is Manufacturing/Industrial."
NS,rollsportss.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to sports or a misspelled version of RollSports. Industry is Sports/Retail."
NS,rondilik.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Rondilik is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,roqya-medecineprophetique.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a resource or service related to Ruqyah (Islamic healing) and Prophetic Medicine. Industry is Religion/Alternative Medicine."
NS,rosolli.fi,no,"Owned by a private entity in Finland. Rosolli is a Finnish dish, suggesting a food-related business, recipe site, or catering service. Industry is Food/Hospitality."
NS,rotaryeclubcoastal.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name clearly indicates an e-club (online club) of **Rotary International**, a legitimate service organization. Industry is Non-profit/Community."
A,rotator.adjuggler.com,no,"Subdomain of adjuggler.com, which is a legitimate ad serving and management platform. This is the legitimate ad rotation server. Industry is Advertising Technology."
NS,rpcomputers.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a computer sales, repair, or IT service business. Industry is Technology/Retail."
NS,rsimotion.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a company specializing in motion control, automation, or technology. Industry is Technology/Engineering."
A,rte-img.nuseek.com,no,"Subdomain of nuseek.com. This is likely an image host for rich text editor (rte) content on the site. Industry is unknown."
A,ru-net.cv.ua,no,"Owned by a private entity in Ukraine. The name suggests a business related to the Russian Internet (Ru-Net). Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,ru.pokerstrategy.com,no,"Subdomain of pokerstrategy.com, a legitimate online poker training and community site. This is the Russian-language version of the site. Industry is Gaming/Education."
NS,rudhyog.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. Rudhyog is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,rudraagrointernational.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a company involved in agriculture or agribusiness, possibly with international trade. Industry is Agriculture/Trade."
NS,ruisgood.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name is nonsensical but is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,rumahdijualmalang.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Indonesia. The name translates to ""Houses for Sale Malang,"" suggesting a real estate listing service for the Malang area. Industry is Real Estate."
A,russchine2specialstdy7plumbingmaterialmk.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,russchine2wsdyspecia20plumbingmaterialnb.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,russchine2wsdyspecial6plumbingjkmaterial.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,ruths-brownies.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business selling brownies. Industry is Food/E-commerce."
A,ruzi-hana.co.jp,no,"Owned by a private company in Japan. Ruzi Hana is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,rvweigh.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a service for weighing Recreational Vehicles (RV) or a scale manufacturer. Industry is Automotive/Services."
A,s1.juancdn.com,no,"Subdomain of juancdn.com, a Chinese Content Delivery Network (CDN). This is a legitimate content delivery host for media. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,s10.cdn.deahu.com,no,"Subdomain of deahu.com, a Chinese Content Delivery Network (CDN). This is a legitimate content delivery host for media. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,s10.cnzz.com,no,"Subdomain of cnzz.com, a legitimate Chinese web analytics service (part of Alibaba). This is a legitimate analytics tracking host. Industry is Technology/Analytics."
A,s129.cnzz.com,no,"Subdomain of cnzz.com, a legitimate Chinese web analytics service (part of Alibaba). This is a legitimate analytics tracking host. Industry is Technology/Analytics."
A,s2chinese2profesionalandhealthwsdyanaly.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,s6.cdn.deahu.com,no,"Subdomain of deahu.com, a Chinese Content Delivery Network (CDN). This is a legitimate content delivery host for media. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,s7.cdn.deahu.com,no,"Subdomain of deahu.com, a Chinese Content Delivery Network (CDN). This is a legitimate content delivery host for media. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,s96.cnzz.com,no,"Subdomain of cnzz.com, a legitimate Chinese web analytics service (part of Alibaba). This is a legitimate analytics tracking host. Industry is Technology/Analytics."
NS,saazz.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'saazz' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sadeelmedia.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a media company or creative agency. Industry is Media/Creative Services."
A,safariinsaat.com.tr,no,"Owned by a private entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Safari Construction,"" suggesting a legitimate construction or engineering firm. Industry is Construction/Engineering."
A,safety.apple.com.mlrtg.d4uai5ldfxqr8ryhtzgnpk.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.mntkaklst.oe9ifxeau3j313hsuw.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.nikxbditd.vsn8uhousbs8zcu2aaxeitx2a.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.nlmalhmcvw.dwkummyh8ndpdenj.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.nnwlhemffbm.9loxvj4zmiwvgczouf8q.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.nzmzpzrpepd.eud1nlb92jia.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.onyxiblonkv.haccwoobrehughpp.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.oteusrhmtt.myvuuzanhulr2xm0xw7tjw.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.pcktwk.ddsmdslxz7yw.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.pfooqvuvw.hwj0f3kuokvm7gxctrrujam7.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.pqdswhbg.acmvto2nbxciel7xc3lhmw9pi.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.qbpfrtlzx.5ozrsgwedqytdhcynax5vhtpk1i.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.qpzsensmpro.5rfnzytp5kt63ckrvsn3dck.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.qthgb.eutvrtwyrpyd21s.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rbmrzz.qww79z2wxzsn.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rfsedpcroq.szgfduvop1ixu8.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rgospl.moq1f2oyljqn2zy.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rlzhfilt.s2bblnazykf.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rpbjhpdljn.ylcjowk4nlcimmtvdgurjlze.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rtnremcgt.pldzqgggoaamryskdv4.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rvnkjcbs.f1ktlj40cetaakfzoma.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.rwndrcil.0viczonfgsjh.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.sdcwx.wqurv0c5oiunqw.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.sfwwqqrywhu.rzr3lqtfq4tx4j4pg.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.tdvjkxd.2btk0sr2a2qaidqdd2pq.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.tmanuzhb.bmpxj0hncrl4rhs8yvh9wuy.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.tritllywqf.bs6gezg5ey6q6i.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ttsitrdgnlo.m9jhxgxqrw9jotwg9x36ltflqm.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.uchwvlmzfbr.j225qpvnfez5l3e9waux0eoa.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ullrozkmu.5fbxhmdm076qgvh7dvlq.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ulmipehatj.wd4rdtazsvhrna2q.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ureyv.cjpv8xsxzbb6bqbu4q.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.uxbdqngm.zi1tjdmyw2zkqk8hpmbvkq.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.vnuil.2px39ubvllxppsbh.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.vpwmryqyqpk.br6xo38lcmknba.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.vtdcvzoi.jbvedlp4hbytmvd4ewc3qi2o.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.vyefh.1vpwdgsyhhdqhqs.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.wcxqb.kkad8setdgh4qa.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.wtvug.ofkx0ljkq5slkhslezg.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.xmlcskfd.m23fndnzj93dawolva.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.xqjixzvg.vk5kqc8a8bqffeguw.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.xwvqsna.lcqlpaaxd3rnun5t8aim6ipcsnw.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.xylsztvqxv.7ujdwiglue8xt0huvtpz4g.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ybwhzhmafh.ai2xrgmhbzytdqytww.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ycaorw.nnhfnmegmwz1y2m82mcwig.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.yqmytv.ebgeltdl0mvg.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.yqqvh.dis15ehp3pd8.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.ysdcupkh.kykpdth4uey0yxq6guk9.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.yvxambeayel.vby1hqwxtv6yxj71dxhaztqq8a.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.zfpic.g7bcivooghhuqxjrtmamuay.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.zmyakibo.fgrovpns72derro.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.zvjzsdbs.jdmavfldrluvnd4xzfhz6b1ma.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.apple.com.zzipbtnirib.mjqfbsozxrzr27l.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.apple.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.acyxi.ofkx0ljkq5slkhslezg.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.akwyhch.zi1tjdmyw2zkqk8hpmbvkq.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.auimoklhlz.yny467f0uzb8bo.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.beobpk.f1ktlj40cetaakfzoma.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.bljuwp.vby1hqwxtv6yxj71dxhaztqq8a.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.bmzxk.wd4rdtazsvhrna2q.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.bocbspszz.jcw6gxymvje04amljsio0at0q.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ccdaqlzcgo.myvuuzanhulr2xm0xw7tjw.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cdilwgbsvva.kf3yfp26y01o.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cdnuvew.br6xo38lcmknba.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cfvyipmpj.x8tobjwvwxsvdqyljoc.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cnknb.klf3htd7zgbdzbsln6qgm2vs.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cqjvyfjka.qgtjhwbfvli3d9okvu.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ctuyunywzv.acmvto2nbxciel7xc3lhmw9pi.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.cwozwawxs.s2bblnazykf.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.dwnajmlaasd.fjua9lhciadz2bsy.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.edliybn.0viczonfgsjh.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.eptlwcbwq.dgh6uyxt9xzys3arbbfkni0w.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.esdpcgtox.krw3dpkqjc7h2mcg6z4yrnba.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.exvsbjil.hwj0f3kuokvm7gxctrrujam7.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ffxyvjjcchh.lcqlpaaxd3rnun5t8aim6ipcsnw.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.fjwiqyvs.k4sukbqkqvzhci83a.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.fplukvtbv.fgrovpns72derro.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.goadjf.jnmhpmobl0fuoc1klcyfgl7owo8.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.gswujwq.wqurv0c5oiunqw.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.gtahpzbvb.d4uai5ldfxqr8ryhtzgnpk.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.gtwymt.xq4uly5tht7ccvl6vdh4.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.gywwgdm.mspekc8wlfsypw.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.gzblszbeu.oe9ifxeau3j313hsuw.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.hiekfm.yjvrgtbtigj18a.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.hnzlwjglx.yzn4n91crlxzolm88aceto.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.iepdod.szqxnannpnns7uk73z87r4.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ijjdbrxxw.bs6gezg5ey6q6i.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.irxssotjevv.kq36imkryip7q8pih9inwunkg.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ivbbcycz.rzr3lqtfq4tx4j4pg.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.jecyto.nbes8xsfzfzpeq0v5hrgeg.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.jhoxsfc.fvl3sfwd1nq.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.jmfcmmphqen.j225qpvnfez5l3e9waux0eoa.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.jsgtddp.2btk0sr2a2qaidqdd2pq.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.kjlywtai.owg7xzavskwky0e5s0.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.knjwk.ylcjowk4nlcimmtvdgurjlze.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.lbmwiyqf.6o3wueyebtcolzb3yzolxfjumg.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.lfzvhdou.ntxszch0ywx78z8yg61wxsa.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.lnkdprwxct.7ujdwiglue8xt0huvtpz4g.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.lxsvrhpv.szgfduvop1ixu8.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.mdheuyre.34bn4h4bqymsrw867mbx.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.mrlcjgw.wpzljhndz4xp4vogict6.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.mviqzoqkpo.tiyuakuc5iqfcesnsohhvp8.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.naolpkglsu.ai2xrgmhbzytdqytww.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.nghytzshqde.q8ibp6od1qdjnuprro3bra.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.njshfrr.rvofdaeom7ekhq1jow.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.nuarls.jdmavfldrluvnd4xzfhz6b1ma.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.nwqqpcpef.jbvedlp4hbytmvd4ewc3qi2o.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.nxwuh.ogukd1ydyo2rt6zeggexw.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.oazmgk.zkwhm88dcmhu.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.onahxf.lfvwiaki4bj947of7avdl0ylys.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.opkrag.gaarkavbo2dymwk.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.pzarfo.hektei3oqjv7semvzrin5pe.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.qgdntdcv.yn4uq0h5f9vfpg.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.qljgjhfvxg.kdppvertugtk60lf.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.qxjycq.j9kowuu8dm2ertycmnsp3.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.raaxy.5ozrsgwedqytdhcynax5vhtpk1i.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.rebdswuyo.21d4owpwnfxtz2grc8c.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.rrgsjwpkgd.kykpdth4uey0yxq6guk9.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ruqem.yq7flcfpxhylyajsqc.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.silkd.dkjny6peajwdw.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.skpcwvlqjs.5fbxhmdm076qgvh7dvlq.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.suejja.g7bcivooghhuqxjrtmamuay.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.suhumf.bmpxj0hncrl4rhs8yvh9wuy.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.tnznen.wvnberhnzjzfwb6.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.twdhkfwdmde.hidmogi0ave58fqfuim.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.tyxspyw.s77ztvafnz0tjk2svwazgno.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ujpiy.lvi0wos6emw0fhinnsjnaospw.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ungdcm.vh9iz5uauf4j0qrm9ojzg.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.uumbwaxvxs.eud1nlb92jia.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vdzbdzyjrax.0gdkrxee7qdb4y.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vetnqpdfpke.jwfjzaprhrovazcrpgdelakma.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vhaamftyqle.hq25jfglqfchjlfq4xy.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vihoyc.qww79z2wxzsn.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vjkdkgaah.notioydlgqa75s.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vsxjvvsf.jihbqv4grqy65zyaqvmgwo1hq.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.vtwlq.pldzqgggoaamryskdv4.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.wwlwnxzl.ddsmdslxz7yw.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xbfgoqkxwfy.cjpv8xsxzbb6bqbu4q.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xdfzbg.9a6wvfinrn9pdeaw5pe7wkag.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xighjwh.djm2trsp5yhdp87na.download,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**download**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xnwoh.1vpwdgsyhhdqhqs.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xnyfvalo.s65gkqrdxkea7ve.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xrhdpl.r9udntozlkvtbsczig.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.xwvlxxlqz.6pj7kkof09qudccdpqth.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.yhxrvqwxft.ynq7lpoaclhwx1ri65rvya.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.ymkdzaax.nnhfnmegmwz1y2m82mcwig.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.yrqcixdf.2px39ubvllxppsbh.bid,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**bid**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.yrywixr.anjyniqatkcdehiyblr369rgq.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.zdftlfmwmzf.moq1f2oyljqn2zy.science,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**science**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.zghdudddg.5rfnzytp5kt63ckrvsn3dck.review,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**review**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.zseeuxnofmo.hzermegncheehxlba.trade,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**trade**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
A,safety.microsoft.com.zyhssqjcpdj.uuw0l8repa3b.stream,yes,"This is a classic **phishing** domain. It uses the legitimate brand `safety.microsoft.com` as a *sub-subdomain* to fool users, but the *actual domain* is a random, alphanumeric, high-risk TLD (**stream**). This is a strong indicator of a malicious site."
NS,saglikbakanli-hediyeinternet.org,yes,"The name translates to ""Ministry of Health Gift Internet"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign, despite the .org TLD."
NS,saglikbakanligi-destek.org,yes,"The name translates to ""Ministry of Health Support"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign, despite the .org TLD."
NS,saglikbakanligi-destekportal.org,yes,"The name translates to ""Ministry of Health Support Portal"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign, despite the .org TLD."
NS,saglikbakanligi20gbinternet.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Ministry of Health 20gb Internet"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,saglikbakanligindanhediye20gb.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Gift 20gb from Ministry of Health"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain (`-gov.com`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,saglikgoalapp.site,yes,"The .site TLD is often used for high-volume, low-reputation content, including scams and deceptive sites. The name is vague and suggests an app, potentially for a fake government or health-related service."
NS,saglikgovtr-aileleredestek.net,yes,"This domain is a highly suspicious example of **brand impersonation**, mimicking the Turkish Ministry of Health's domain (`saglik.gov.tr`) and program name ('Support for Families') to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,saglikliapp.live,yes,"The .live TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious content. The name suggests a vague 'healthy app' theme, which can be used to distribute malicious or fake health apps."
NS,saglikodemelerinial.org,yes,"The name translates to ""Receive Health Payments"" in Turkish, which is a common theme for **phishing** scams targeting government benefits or payments, despite the .org TLD."
NS,saglikramazan20bgb.net,yes,"The domain is a variant of the common ""20gb internet scam"" targeting Turkish users, using the Ramazan (Ramadan) and Health themes as bait."
NS,salamdrug.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business in the pharmaceutical or health industry, possibly a pharmacy or health information site. Industry is Healthcare/Retail."
NS,salon-39.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a hair salon or beauty business. Industry is Beauty/Services."
NS,samierol.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Samier Ol. Industry is unknown."
NS,santagula.app,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The .app TLD suggests a mobile application. Santagula is a proper name, likely a business or service. Industry is Technology/App Development."
A,sanyai-love.rmu.ac.th,no,"Subdomain of rmu.ac.th, an academic institution in Thailand (Rajamangala University of Technology). This is likely a student or department project page. Industry is Education."
NS,sarahmpetersonfoundation.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name clearly indicates a foundation associated with Sarah M. Peterson. Industry is Non-profit/Charity."
NS,sarkarjewells.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a jewelry business. Industry is Retail/Jewelry."
NS,sarlatimmobilier.fr,no,"Owned by a private entity in France. The name translates to ""Sarlat Real Estate,"" indicating a legitimate real estate agency in Sarlat. Industry is Real Estate."
NS,sarvghamatan.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. The name Sarv Ghamatan is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,saskklo.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,satelietshop.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name translates to ""Satellite Shop,"" suggesting a retailer for satellite equipment or services. Industry is Retail/Technology."
A,saudeventures.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a venture capital or investment firm focused on the health/healthcare (Saúde) industry. Industry is Finance/Venture Capital."
NS,sauditechnical-sa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a technical service or business operating in Saudi Arabia (SA). Industry is Technology/Services."
NS,savefile.download,yes,"The .download TLD is frequently used for malicious file distribution. While the name suggests a legitimate file saving service, this TLD combined with the common name makes it suspicious for hosting malware or unwanted programs."
NS,sazxs.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sazxs' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,sc.111ttt.com,no,"Subdomain of 111ttt.com, a Chinese website. ""sc"" is likely a short code for a specific page or location. Industry is unknown."
NS,schertzauto.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an automotive business in Schertz, Texas. Industry is Automotive/Retail."
NS,screenshot-saves.com,yes,"The domain mimics a utility function (saving screenshots). This is a common pattern for **malware distribution** or for a site that hosts malicious screenshots/images used in social engineering attacks."
NS,screw-malwrhunterteam.com,yes,"The domain is registered under the name **malwrhunterteam**, suggesting it is being used by security researchers (Malware Hunter Team) to study or track a specific threat, potentially a malicious file or program named 'screw'. It is related to malware but is likely operated by defenders."
NS,screw-malwrhunterteams.com,yes,"The domain is registered under the name **malwrhunterteams**, suggesting it is being used by security researchers (Malware Hunter Team) to study or track a specific threat, potentially a malicious file or program named 'screw'. It is related to malware but is likely operated by defenders."
NS,sdewz.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sdewz' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sdghe.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sdghe' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sdset.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sdset' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sdtrr.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sdtrr' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,searchbox.mapbar.com,no,"Subdomain of mapbar.com, a legitimate Chinese mapping service. This is the legitimate host for the search functionality. Industry is Technology/Mapping."
NS,sebestyenferenc.hu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Hungary. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Sebestyen Ferenc. Industry is unknown."
A,securefileinterneationaltransferthroughm.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,securewedreesdsa3.ru,yes,"A nonsensical, alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,security-62sk2.stream,yes,"The name mimics a security notification, and the alphanumeric string combined with the low-cost **.stream** TLD is a strong indicator of a **tech support scam** or malware distribution site."
NS,security-sy42.stream,yes,"The name mimics a security notification, and the alphanumeric string combined with the low-cost **.stream** TLD is a strong indicator of a **tech support scam** or malware distribution site."
A,security.publicmutual.net,no,"Subdomain of publicmutual.net, a legitimate financial services company. This is the legitimate security or secure portal subdomain. Industry is Finance/Investments."
NS,sedoparking.com,no,"Owned by **Sedo**, a legitimate domain parking and domain name trading company. This domain is being parked and is not inherently malicious, though parked pages can sometimes contain low-quality ads. Industry is Domain Services."
NS,seeanu.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name Seeanu is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,selectairconditioning.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business offering air conditioning sales, service, or installation. Industry is HVAC/Construction."
NS,selfuseproperty.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a real estate listing, management, or information service focused on owner-occupied property. Industry is Real Estate."
NS,sellsimivalleyhome.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a service for selling homes in Simi Valley, CA. Industry is Real Estate."
NS,sendeyararlanturkiye20gb.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Benefit from Us Turkey 20gb"" and uses the highly suspicious bait term ""20gb"" to conduct a **phishing** or prize scam targeting Turkish users."
NS,senevdekaldiye-hediyeinternet.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Stay Home Gift Internet"" and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government/telecom program to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,senevdekaldiyehediye.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Stay Home Gift"" and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government/telecom program to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,senevdekaldiyehediyenet.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Stay Home Gift Net"" and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government/telecom program to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
A,service-updater.hopto.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service hopto.org (DynDNS), which is often abused by malicious actors. The name ""service-updater"" is highly suspicious, mimicking a legitimate system process, often used to host malware or C2 traffic."
A,service.pandtelectric.com,no,"Subdomain of pandtelectric.com, a legitimate electrical business. This is likely the portal or page for their service offerings. Industry is Construction/Services."
NS,setsd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'setsd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,setss.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'setss' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sewardweb.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a web development or IT service business. Industry is Technology/Web Services."
NS,sewx87wlhvzqf1d2nlai0yi.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,seyidogullaripeyzaj.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name suggests a landscape (peyzaj) design and services business. Industry is Landscaping/Services."
NS,sferhxbx2crx6915a.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,sgheg.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'sgheg' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,sgkcocukparasi.com,yes,"The name translates to ""SGK Child Money"" in Turkish and mimics the name of a government social security (SGK) benefit. This is a common theme for **phishing** scams targeting government benefits or payments."
A,sh207542.website.pl,no,"Subdomain of website.pl, a Polish hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,sh209090.website.pl,no,"Subdomain of website.pl, a Polish hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,shadyacresminis.bravepages.com,no,"Subdomain of bravepages.com, a free web hosting service. While free hosting can be abused, this site appears to be for a specific, non-malicious business (miniature horses/pets). Industry is Hobbies/Pets."
A,shahtoba.faqserv.com,no,"Subdomain of faqserv.com, a frequently asked questions service. Shahtoba is likely a specific page or client name. Industry is Technology/Customer Service."
NS,shamanic-extracts.biz,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a business selling natural, shamanic, or herbal extracts. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,shantouhallowed.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Shantou Hallowed is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,shicaifanxin.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. The name Shicaifanxin is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,shirokane-coffee.jp,no,"Owned by a private entity in Japan. The name suggests a coffee shop or brand located in Shirokane. Industry is Food/Hospitality."
A,shizuoka.ssvf.mbsrv.jp,no,"Subdomain of mbsrv.jp, a Japanese hosting provider. Shizuoka is likely a specific location or internal project. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,shopimg.kongfz.com.cn,no,"Subdomain of kongfz.com.cn, a major Chinese online bookstore and collectibles marketplace. This is a legitimate image host for shop-related images. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,shopjumpn.ch,no,"Owned by a private entity in Switzerland. The name suggests a retail or e-commerce business. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,shoplocalcoupons.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a service for finding and using local shopping coupons. Industry is E-commerce/Marketing."
NS,shopthelighthouse.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce or retail business named The Lighthouse. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,shreecement.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business related to cement or construction materials. Industry is Construction/Manufacturing."
NS,shrinery.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a community, blog, or resource site related to Shriners (a fraternal organization). Industry is Non-profit/Community."
A,shy-obi-0122.jellybean.jp,no,"Subdomain of a Japanese hosting service (jellybean.jp). This is likely a personal or test website with a randomly generated name. Industry is Hosting/Personal."
NS,shzwnsarin.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Shzwnsarin is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,sicken.cede.cl,no,"Subdomain of cede.cl, a Chilean website. ""sicken"" is likely an internal page or customer's site. Industry is unknown."
NS,sidhiconsulting.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a professional consulting firm. Industry is Consulting/Business Services."
NS,signsohiocentre.buzz,yes,"The .buzz TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam or low-quality content. The name suggests a business (Signs Ohio Centre) but the TLD makes it suspicious for a throwaway marketing scam."
NS,siicg8lgadurupkt.com,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,sileria.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name Sileria is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,simpl.pw,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The .pw TLD is often used for short/simple domains. The name suggests a shortened or simple version of something. Industry is unknown/Utility."
A,simplymanas.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. Simply Manas is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,sirajaoloan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a loan or financial service, likely in the Sirajao region. Industry is Finance/Lending."
A,sisters.truyen24h.info,no,"Subdomain of truyen24h.info, a Vietnamese story/novel website. ""sisters"" is likely a specific novel category or user's page. Industry is Entertainment/Publishing."
A,sjcvaleguia.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a local guide (valeguia) for the São José dos Campos (SJC) area. Industry is Tourism/Information."
NS,sjjzhbefnztidlxipp37q.trade,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .trade TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,sjmieq36gejaimkba.trade,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .trade TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,skidware-malwrhunterteams.com,yes,"The domain is registered under the name **malwrhunterteams**, suggesting it is being used by security researchers (Malware Hunter Team) to study or track a specific threat, potentially a malicious file or program named 'skidware'. It is related to malware but is likely operated by defenders."
NS,skyleaders.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an organization or business focused on leadership, aviation, or technology. Industry is Consulting/Aviation/Technology."
NS,sledinskaya.by,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Belarus. Sledinskaya is a surname, likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,sls3.cz,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Czech Republic. SLS3 is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
A,small-yoron-8817.namaste.jp,no,"Subdomain of a Japanese hosting service (namaste.jp). This is likely a personal or test website with a randomly generated name. Industry is Hosting/Personal."
NS,smeare.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Smeare is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,smi-dienstleistungen.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""SMI Services,"" suggesting a service provider, possibly related to an acronym SMI. Industry is Services."
A,snore.sabreasiapacific.com,no,"Subdomain of sabreasiapacific.com, a legitimate travel technology provider. ""snore"" is likely an internal project, test page, or short code. Industry is Technology/Travel."
A,sns.qzone.qq.com,no,"Subdomain of qq.com, a major Chinese internet portal. This is the legitimate server for social networking services (SNS) on Qzone. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,so4.seeanu.ru,no,"Subdomain of seeanu.ru, a Russian website. This is likely a server or internal resource. Industry is unknown."
NS,soapstampingmachines.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a business selling or manufacturing soap stamping machinery. Industry is Manufacturing/E-commerce."
NS,soaptrip.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name suggests a travel or adventure-related business. Industry is Tourism/Travel."
NS,sociablepreterition.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is a nonsensical word combination, likely a personal blog, artistic project, or new business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,socialsocietyedu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an educational institution or service focused on social studies or society. Industry is Education."
NS,sodmalwa.pl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Poland. Sodmalwa is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,softdown.55.la,no,"Subdomain of 55.la, a Chinese website. This is likely a download page for software. Industry is Technology/Software."
NS,softwaresultan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a software-related business or service. Industry is Software/Technology."
NS,solidar.cl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Chile. Solidar is likely an organization or business with a focus on solidarity or social services. Industry is Non-profit/Social Services."
NS,solomotos.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name translates to ""Only Motorcycles"" in Spanish, suggesting a motorcycle news, sales, or community site. Industry is Automotive/Hobby."
NS,soluc.es,no,"Owned by a private entity in Spain. Soluc is likely a shortened company name. Industry is unknown."
NS,sommer.cx,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Sommer is a German surname (meaning 'summer'), likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,sondeca.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Sondeca is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,sophiasbridalandtux.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a business selling or renting wedding attire (bridal and tuxedos). Industry is Retail/Wedding."
NS,sorgulavtr.net,yes,"The name combines the Turkish word for **query/inquire** (`sorgula`) and the Turkish government TLD (`vtr` is a common typo for `.gov.tr`). This is a strong indicator of a **phishing** attempt to steal personal data under the guise of an official query portal."
NS,sosyaldestekcom.ga,yes,"The domain name, translating to ""Social Support Com,"" is highly suspicious when combined with the free, high-risk TLD **.ga**. This is a strong indicator of a **phishing** or scam site targeting government/social benefits."
NS,sosyalyardimhediyesi.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Social Aid Gift"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government support program/domain to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,souqtajeer.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is Arabic/Turkish for ""Merchant Market,"" suggesting an e-commerce or business directory. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
NS,spdtextile.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business in the textile or fabric industry, possibly using the acronym SPD. Industry is Manufacturing/Textiles."
NS,speeltuingeenhoven.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name translates to ""Playground Eindhoven,"" indicating a local community or recreational site. Industry is Community/Leisure."
NS,spgroup.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. 'SP Group' is a generic-sounding name consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,spskamin.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a business related to fireplaces or heating. Industry is Retail/Construction."
NS,spurtogo.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a delivery service or a product related to quick transport/mobility. Industry is Logistics/Services."
A,srv-file9.gofile.io,no,"Subdomain of gofile.io, a legitimate free file-sharing and hosting service. While file-sharing services are often abused to host malware, the domain itself is a legitimate service provider. Industry is Technology/File Hosting."
NS,ss100shop.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce shop, possibly related to a specific product or model (SS100). Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,ssl.dwebsite.com,no,"Subdomain of dwebsite.com. This is likely the secure (SSL) connection point for the website. Industry is Technology/Web Services."
A,sso.hc360.com,no,"Subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese B2B e-commerce platform. This is the legitimate Single Sign-On (SSO) authentication portal. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,staging2.lifebiotic.com,no,"Subdomain of lifebiotic.com. This is a legitimate staging or development environment for the website. Industry is Technology/Web Development."
NS,standardalloysindia.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in India. The name clearly suggests a business dealing with alloys and metals. Industry is Manufacturing/Metals."
NS,starterpackproductions.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a production company or media agency. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
A,static.freepik.com,no,"Subdomain of freepik.com, a legitimate website for stock photos and graphic resources. This is the legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for static content. Industry is Design/Media."
A,static.livestream.com,no,"Subdomain of livestream.com, a legitimate video streaming platform. This is the legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for static content. Industry is Technology/Media."
A,static.youku.com,no,"Subdomain of youku.com, a major Chinese video hosting platform. This is the legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for static content. Industry is Technology/Media."
A,static2.photo.sina.com.cn,no,"Subdomain of sina.com.cn, a major Chinese internet portal. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for static photo content. Industry is Technology/Media."
A,stdy3frndgreencreamcostmeticsbabystored.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,stdykungeduationaldeveloper15investmenqg.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,steamaul.com,yes,"This domain is a clear example of **typosquatting/brand impersonation** on the legitimate gaming platform **Steam** (steampowered.com). It is highly likely a **phishing** site designed to steal Steam credentials."
NS,stecit.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. Stecit is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
NS,stelamedien.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a media or publishing company. Industry is Media/Publishing."
NS,stellacadentemaison.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to housing, design, or a specific brand name. Industry is unknown."
A,stellamidia.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. The name suggests a media or advertising company. Industry is Media/Advertising."
NS,stephanlooney.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Stephan Looney. Industry is unknown."
NS,sterilizationvalidation.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a consulting or service business focused on sterilization validation in the medical or pharmaceutical industries. Industry is Healthcare/Consulting."
NS,stevemike-fireforce.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a group, service, or business related to fire safety or emergency services, possibly a tribute site. Industry is unknown/Services."
NS,stevengoldston.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Steven Goldston. Industry is unknown."
A,sthenri.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. St. Henri is likely a proper business name or a location. Industry is unknown."
NS,storage-file.tk,yes,"The domain mimics a legitimate utility (storage-file) but uses the high-risk TLD **.tk**. This combination is highly indicative of a file-hosting service used for **malware distribution** or phishing."
NS,strmyy.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,strreverse.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The name is vague and technical, consistent with C2 infrastructure."
NS,stubbackup.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a business offering backup or data recovery services. Industry is Technology/IT Services."
A,studio.stavimmebel.org.ua,no,"Subdomain of stavimmebel.org.ua, a Ukrainian organization. This is likely the website for a design or production studio. Industry is Design/Arts."
NS,studio116.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a design studio, photography studio, or creative business. Industry is Creative Services/Arts."
A,style.org.hc360.com,no,"Subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese B2B e-commerce platform. This is the legitimate host for style/CSS files for an organizational page on the site. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,suidi.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Suidi is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,sukhshantisales.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in India. The name suggests a sales or retail business. Industry is Retail/E-commerce."
NS,summittilelv.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a tile or flooring business in Las Vegas (LV). Industry is Construction/Retail."
NS,sunshinecottageandpottery.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a retail or artistic business selling pottery and possibly a cottage rental. Industry is Retail/Arts/Hospitality."
NS,suntreebearing.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business manufacturing or selling bearings. Industry is Manufacturing/Industrial."
NS,sunusa.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name SunUSA is likely a business name, possibly related to solar energy or US-India trade. Industry is unknown."
NS,sunyst.co,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Sunyst is likely a proper brand name. Industry is unknown."
NS,superiorgaragedoorsystems.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a business specializing in garage door systems. Industry is Construction/Home Services."
NS,support-37rk7.stream,yes,"The name mimics a support service, and the alphanumeric string combined with the low-cost **.stream** TLD is a strong indicator of a **tech support scam** or malware distribution site."
NS,support-center3.com,yes,"The domain name mimics a generic customer support center, a common pattern for **tech support scams** or **phishing** campaigns aimed at stealing credentials or money."
NS,supportalaskausa.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests a support or advocacy organization focused on Alaska. Industry is Non-profit/Social Services."
NS,surroundsound.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business dealing with audio equipment or home theater systems. Industry is Retail/Electronics."
NS,sv3eitbdgijsubotq.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,svc8ja4nsuaeir55d0ae7ud0cu.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,svichlite.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Svichlite is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,svs-atzen.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. SVS Atzen is likely an acronym or an internal code. Industry is unknown."
A,swell.1hpleft.com,no,"Subdomain of 1hpleft.com. ""swell"" is likely a short code for a specific page or internal project. Industry is unknown."
NS,swiftexpresscourier.vip,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a courier or logistics business. The .vip TLD suggests a premium service, but is also low-cost and sometimes used for questionable sites."
A,swimsolution.ap-reklama.cz,no,"Subdomain of ap-reklama.cz, a Czech advertising agency. Swim Solution is likely a client's website or a specific advertising project. Industry is Advertising/Marketing."
NS,swipudj4t9jyw3o.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,sxsainct.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. SXSAINCT is likely an acronym or an internal code. Industry is unknown."
NS,sxzunjh.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. SXZUNJH is likely an acronym or an internal code. Industry is unknown."
A,syakhroni.blog.unissula.ac.id,no,"Subdomain of unissula.ac.id, an Indonesian university. This is a legitimate blog page for a staff or student (Syakhroni). Industry is Education."
NS,syed-brother.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business or organization run by individuals with the surname Syed. Industry is unknown."
NS,sylvaclouds.eu,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Europe. The name suggests a business related to cloud computing or a metaphorical idea. Industry is Technology/IT."
A,sync.security.pp.regruhosting.ru,no,"Subdomain of regruhosting.ru, a Russian hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website related to security and synchronization services. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,system-62sk2.stream,yes,"The name mimics a system notification, and the alphanumeric string combined with the low-cost **.stream** TLD is a strong indicator of a **tech support scam** or malware distribution site."
A,systemintergrafileexchangeserverprotocol.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,systemsprogram.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests a community or educational organization focused on system programming or a specific educational program. Industry is Technology/Non-profit."
NS,szgfduvop1ixu8.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,szhdtt.51yey.com,no,"Subdomain of 51yey.com, a Chinese website. This is likely a short code for a specific page or location. Industry is unknown."
A,t.awcna.com,no,"Subdomain of awcna.com. ""t"" is likely a short code for a specific tracking, test, or internal function. Industry is unknown."
A,t03.pic.sogou.com,no,"Subdomain of sogou.com, a major Chinese search engine. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for images. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,t37b.iwakalong.ru,no,"Subdomain of iwakalong.ru, a Russian website. This is likely a server or internal resource. Industry is unknown."
NS,t6iwofen4waq5q.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,tableauxargentes.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name translates to ""Silver Tables/Paintings"" in French, suggesting an art gallery, furniture store, or design business. Industry is Arts/Retail."
A,tablet.gutterhelment.net,no,"Subdomain of gutterhelment.net, a gutter-related business. This is likely a mobile/tablet-optimized version of the site."
NS,talkingstickfest.ca,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Canada. The name clearly indicates a festival or event (Talking Stick Festival). Industry is Entertainment/Arts."
NS,tarati.se,no,"Owned by a private entity in Sweden. The name Tarati is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,taterbugfarm.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a farm, agricultural business, or food producer. Industry is Agriculture/Food."
NS,tavaresmovelaria.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Brazil. The name suggests a furniture or woodworking business (Movelaria). Industry is Retail/Manufacturing."
NS,taxieinsiedeln.ch,no,"Owned by a private entity in Switzerland. The name clearly indicates a taxi service in Einsiedeln. Industry is Transportation/Services."
NS,taxifeusisberg.ch,no,"Owned by a private entity in Switzerland. The name clearly indicates a taxi service in Feusisberg. Industry is Transportation/Services."
NS,taximtravel.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a travel agency or service. Industry is Travel/Tourism."
NS,taxukrebates.com,yes,"The domain name mimics a legitimate government service (UK Tax Rebates). This is a strong indicator of a **phishing** or financial scam aimed at collecting personal or financial information."
NS,tc2bq7mvskujmw1b04qfjw.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,tcdrill-71.cf,yes,"The .cf TLD is a free TLD (from the Central African Republic) and is highly associated with spam, scams, and malicious sites. The name suggests a training/drill site, often used for phishing or malspam."
NS,teachertoh.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a website or resource for a teacher named Toh. Industry is Education/Blogging."
NS,team-bobcat.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests a team, club, or organization, likely related to sports, engineering, or a mascot. Industry is Non-profit/Sports."
NS,teamtnt.red,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Team TNT is likely a brand, team name, or community. Industry is unknown."
NS,teatr-x.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name translates to ""Theater X,"" suggesting a performing arts company or venue. Industry is Arts/Entertainment."
NS,tebiede.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. The name Tebiede is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,techieandyouknowit.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a technology blog, news site, or consulting service. Industry is Technology/Blogging."
NS,tecoassociation.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. TECO is likely an acronym for a professional or trade association. Industry is Non-profit/Association."
NS,tehranfish.ir,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Iran. The name clearly suggests a business related to fish, possibly a market, pet store, or restaurant. Industry is Food/Retail."
NS,teinenjoy.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Tein Enjoy is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,tejk.online,yes,"The .online TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious or malicious content. The short, nonsensical string 'tejk' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,telecomblogs.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a blog or news site about the telecommunications industry. Industry is Media/Technology."
NS,telekominasyonsirketi-20gb.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Telecommunication Company 20gb"" and uses the highly suspicious bait term ""20gb"" to conduct a **phishing** or prize scam targeting telecom customers."
NS,telestarinc.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a company (Inc.) with the name Telestar. Industry is unknown."
NS,temizliyorum.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""I'm Cleaning,"" suggesting a cleaning service or a resource about cleaning. Industry is Services/Information."
NS,tentoepiskevi.gr,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Greece. The name translates to ""Wall Restoration/Repair,"" suggesting a construction or home services business. Industry is Construction/Services."
A,test.bunnyhasofficiallypissedoffgreengay.tk,yes,"This is a highly malicious domain. It uses the high-risk TLD **.tk**, has an extremely long, offensive, and nonsensical name, and is likely a test or C2 for a malicious actor or botnet."
A,test.dirktuip.nl,no,"Subdomain of dirktuip.nl, a Dutch website. This is a legitimate test page for the site. Industry is Technology/Web Development."
A,textilesld.cluster020.hosting.ovh.net,no,"Subdomain of ovh.net, a legitimate European hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website or file path related to textiles. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,tezrsrc.gov.cn,no,"Subdomain of gov.cn, the official government portal of China. This is a legitimate resource server for a government entity. Industry is Government."
NS,tfhvccny.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,thaitp47.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to Thailand, perhaps a travel or trade company. Industry is unknown."
NS,thanhchungcu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a business related to apartment (chung cu) services or information. Industry is Real Estate."
A,thanhgiang.edu.vn,no,"Owned by an educational institution (edu.vn) in Vietnam. Thanh Giang is likely a legitimate school or training center. Industry is Education."
NS,thaotranland.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a real estate (land) business associated with Thao Tran. Industry is Real Estate."
NS,theaceexports.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business involved in international trade or exports. Industry is Trade/Logistics."
NS,theclinicabarros.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Spain. The name suggests a medical or health clinic (Clínica Barros). Industry is Healthcare/Medical Services."
NS,thecoachinglounge.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a business providing coaching, training, or personal development services. Industry is Consulting/Education."
A,thecorporatetailors.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name clearly suggests a business providing tailoring services for corporate clients. Industry is Retail/Services."
NS,thefasteagle.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name The Fast Eagle is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,theholistictrainer.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a personal training or wellness business focused on holistic methods. Industry is Health/Fitness."
NS,theholistictraineruncut.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an unedited or extended version of content from The Holistic Trainer. Industry is Health/Fitness."
NS,theislandmen.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business, band, or organization related to an island setting. Industry is unknown."
NS,thejutefibersbd.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Bangladesh (.bd). The name clearly suggests a business dealing with jute fibers. Industry is Manufacturing/Textiles."
NS,thelovertheliar.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is likely a title for a book, movie, blog, or artistic project. Industry is Entertainment/Media."
NS,theonetruematt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal blog or portfolio for a person named Matt. Industry is unknown/Blogging."
NS,therisingtide.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests an advocacy group, community organization, or charity. Industry is Non-profit."
NS,therocnation.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name mimics the legitimate entertainment company Roc Nation, but the .org TLD suggests a non-profit initiative, or a **phishing** attempt on the brand."
A,thesecuritysoftwarescannerindustrgreat.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,thesimplecomplex.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a design, consulting, or personal development business. Industry is unknown."
NS,theteetavern.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a pub, restaurant, or a t-shirt (tee) shop. Industry is Hospitality/Retail."
NS,thewinslowgroup.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a consulting firm, holding company, or professional services business. Industry is Consulting/Finance."
A,thinkage.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a business focused on technology or consulting. Industry is Technology/Consulting."
NS,thorn-bikes.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a bicycle sales, service, or manufacturing business. Industry is Retail/Sports."
A,threepillarsattorneys.vtgbackstage.com,no,"Subdomain of vtgbackstage.com, likely a hosting or staging environment. Three Pillars Attorneys is a law firm. Industry is Legal Services."
A,throne.thehelpbiz.com,no,"Subdomain of thehelpbiz.com. ""throne"" is likely an internal project or customer's site. Industry is unknown."
NS,thucduongbaoan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a business related to diet, nutrition, or health food. Industry is Health/Food."
A,thucphamnamviet.com.vn,no,"Owned by a private entity in Vietnam. The name translates to ""Nam Viet Food,"" suggesting a legitimate food production or trading company. Industry is Food/Manufacturing."
A,thumb.webps.cn,no,"Subdomain of webps.cn, a Chinese website. This is likely a legitimate content delivery host for thumbnail images. Industry is Media/Hosting."
NS,ti0tvpvn5wbe2jy9.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,tianmarket.shop,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests an e-commerce or retail business. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,tianqi.2345.com,no,"Subdomain of 2345.com, a major Chinese internet company. ""tianqi"" means weather, so this is the legitimate weather section of the portal. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,ticketdoctor.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a service for buying/selling event tickets or fixing ticket-related issues. Industry is Entertainment/Services."
NS,tidewatermech.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a mechanical services or engineering business in the Tidewater region. Industry is Engineering/Construction."
NS,tiersock.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Tiersock is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,time4nails.com.ua,no,"Owned by a private entity in Ukraine. The name suggests a nail salon or beauty service. Industry is Beauty/Services."
NS,timgiesecke.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Tim Giesecke. Industry is unknown."
A,tinckorm.beget.tech,no,"Subdomain of beget.tech, a legitimate hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website or internal test page. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,tiny-ebino-4209.whitesnow.jp,no,"Subdomain of a Japanese hosting service (whitesnow.jp). This is likely a personal or test website with a randomly generated name. Industry is Hosting/Personal."
NS,tittel-sound.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a music production, audio engineering, or sound-related business. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,tldrbox.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The name suggests a utility ('too long, didn't read' box) that can be used as bait for malicious software or links."
NS,tmdmagento.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business specializing in Magento e-commerce platform development or services. Industry is Technology/E-commerce."
A,tmtoys.com.vn,no,"Owned by a private entity in Vietnam. The name clearly suggests a toy sales or manufacturing business. Industry is Retail/E-commerce."
NS,to4karu.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name is a phonetic spelling of a Russian word, likely for a specific local business or service. Industry is unknown."
NS,todayspeaks.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a news, media, or opinion website/blog. Industry is Media/Information."
A,tokushu.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. Tokushu is likely a proper business name, possibly related to a Japanese word for ""special."" Industry is unknown."
NS,tokyomangass.host,yes,"The domain mimics a legitimate content type (**Tokyo Manga**) but uses the low-cost, low-reputation TLD **.host**. It is highly suspicious for a **piracy, phishing, or malware** distribution site."
NS,toliku.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Toliku is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,tomas.datanom.fi,no,"Subdomain of datanom.fi, a Finnish educational or vocational site. Tomas is likely a student or staff page. Industry is Education."
A,topspeedfitness.com.my,no,"Owned by a private entity in Malaysia. The name suggests a legitimate fitness center or personal training business. Industry is Health/Fitness."
NS,topwinnerglobal.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business focused on consulting, coaching, or an international brand. Industry is Consulting/Business."
NS,toresu.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name Toresu is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,toulousa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Toulousa is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,tovarentertainment.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business in the entertainment or media industry. Industry is Entertainment/Media."
NS,tp-group.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. TP Group is likely an acronym for a consulting or professional services group. Industry is Consulting/Business."
NS,tpbdsrqf.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,tqljgkj7qkg69nttemuegf0.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,tqwe651qweqweqw.com,yes,"A nonsensical, random string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,tracehagan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Trace Hagan. Industry is unknown."
A,track-lost-device.co.za,yes,"The domain name mimics a legitimate security utility (track-lost-device), which is a common pattern for **phishing** or malware campaigns designed to lure users into downloading fake software or entering credentials."
A,track.cmllk2.info,yes,"Subdomain of cmllk2.info, which is an alphanumeric, nonsensical domain often used for malicious infrastructure. ""track"" suggests a tracking mechanism, likely for a spam or phishing campaign."
NS,trademasters.in,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business involved in trade, commerce, or a specific professional trade. Industry is Trade/Business."
NS,tradingwithharmony.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a financial service or educational resource focused on investment trading. Industry is Finance/Education."
NS,tradungcazin.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name Tradung Cazin is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,transitalia.es,no,"Owned by a private entity in Spain. The name suggests a travel, transport, or trade business related to Italy. Industry is Transportation/Travel."
A,translate.chris-translate.com,no,"Subdomain of chris-translate.com, a legitimate translation service. This is the legitimate translation tool or portal. Industry is Services/Translation."
NS,transmercasa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a transportation or logistics business. Industry is Transportation/Logistics."
A,transvale.sslblindado.com,no,"Subdomain of sslblindado.com, a Brazilian security and hosting service. Transvale is likely a customer's website or a specific service offering. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,treefighter.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests an environmental, conservation, or advocacy group. Industry is Non-profit/Environmental."
NS,triple5triple4.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is a number combination, likely a business name or call service. Industry is unknown."
A,tristartv.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. The name suggests a television or media production company. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,tristatehf.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The name suggests a healthcare or financial organization in the Tri-State area. Industry is Non-profit/Healthcare/Finance."
NS,tristatehs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a high school or a business in the Tri-State area. Industry is Education/Business."
NS,trkcl10gbxx.com,yes,"The domain name uses the brand name of a legitimate telecom company (**Turkcell**) combined with a bait term (**10gb**) and random characters, making it a strong indicator of a **phishing** or prize scam."
NS,trmv.top,yes,"The .top TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with spam and malicious content. The short, nonsensical string 'trmv' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,troikacapital.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a financial, investment, or consulting firm. Industry is Finance/Consulting."
A,tropicasher.com.br,no,"Owned by a private entity in Brazil. Tropicasher is a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,trouble.cachetinvestments.com,no,"Subdomain of cachetinvestments.com, an investment firm. ""trouble"" is likely a nonsensical or internal code for a specific page or system. Industry is Finance/Investments."
NS,troysumpter.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Troy Sumpter. Industry is unknown."
NS,trtsport.cz,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Czech Republic. The name suggests a sports-related website, likely a team, news, or community site. Industry is Sports/Entertainment."
NS,trujilloremodelingservicesinc.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a remodeling and construction services business. Industry is Construction/Home Services."
NS,trxdenciuylbbydgfa.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,tu.webps.cn,no,"Subdomain of webps.cn, a Chinese website. This is likely a short code for a specific page or location. Industry is unknown."
NS,tubanprinting.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Indonesia. The name suggests a printing and design service in the Tuban area. Industry is Printing/Services."
NS,tubtaly8bwpgge.trade,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .trade TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,tuckraft.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Tuckraft is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,tuk-tuk.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to the auto-rickshaw (tuk-tuk) vehicle, possibly a tour company or manufacturer. Industry is Tourism/Automotive."
NS,tukpoqtye2p2pr04lqibpny.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,turkiye-evdekal.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Turkey Stay at Home"" and uses the highly suspicious pattern of mimicking an official government program to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign."
NS,turtlesfun.fun,yes,"The .fun TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious content. The generic name suggests a low-quality gaming or entertainment site that can be used for aggressive advertising or scams."
NS,tuskanlehdms.ug,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Uganda. The name Tuskanlehdms is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,tutuler.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Tutuler is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,tv-live-production.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a company specializing in live television or video production. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,twentefoods.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a food production, retail, or distribution business, possibly related to the Twente region. Industry is Food/Retail."
NS,twilightfalling.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name is likely a title for a book, blog, or artistic project. Industry is Entertainment/Media."
NS,tylerjamesbush.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Tyler James Bush. Industry is unknown."
NS,tyytrddofjrntions.net,yes,"A nonsensical, garbled string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,u.teknik.io,no,"Subdomain of teknik.io, a technology-related domain. ""u"" is likely a short code for a specific user, upload, or internal function. Industry is Technology."
NS,u4vf9amd0irgpu3rfq.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,u8jxhglt2csdqqo.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,uc1d90d3a84cb53ca05cfc8120f2.dl.dropboxusercontent.com,no,"This is a file download path on **Dropbox**, a legitimate cloud storage and file sharing service. While often used by malicious actors to host payloads, the domain itself is a legitimate service."
A,uc3f02c02635ac6b12960addc5c0.dl.dropboxusercontent.com,no,"This is a file download path on **Dropbox**, a legitimate cloud storage and file sharing service. While often used by malicious actors to host payloads, the domain itself is a legitimate service."
A,uc8f462e19a994e47c8f9286d907.dl.dropboxusercontent.com,no,"This is a file download path on **Dropbox**, a legitimate cloud storage and file sharing service. While often used by malicious actors to host payloads, the domain itself is a legitimate service."
A,uca0e3f9d07e04d1db8387bea385.dl.dropboxusercontent.com,no,"This is a file download path on **Dropbox**, a legitimate cloud storage and file sharing service. While often used by malicious actors to host payloads, the domain itself is a legitimate service."
NS,ucretsiz20gbturkiye.com,yes,"The name translates to ""Free 20gb Turkey"" and uses the highly suspicious bait term ""20gb"" to conduct a **phishing** or prize scam targeting Turkish users."
NS,ucto-id.cz,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Czech Republic. UCTO-ID is likely an acronym for a business or project. Industry is unknown."
A,uctscf.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. UCTSCF is likely an acronym for a company or organization. Industry is unknown."
NS,uewizi.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,ufile.io,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. This is a legitimate **file hosting and sharing service**. While often abused to host malware, the domain itself is a legitimate service provider. Industry is Technology/File Hosting."
NS,ufuzy3xalkx1fddhxiaink7w.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,ugc.wegame.com.cn,no,"Subdomain of wegame.com.cn, Tencent's official gaming platform in China. ""ugc"" is the legitimate host for User Generated Content. Industry is Gaming/Technology."
NS,uhlandstrasse.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. Uhlandstrasse is a common street name, suggesting a local business or residential site. Industry is unknown."
NS,uinrms9lcpwzbh6yrq.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,ukronet.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name suggests a business related to Ukraine and the internet/networking. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,uksamples.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business selling or providing samples, likely in the UK. Industry is Retail/E-commerce."
NS,ulvj8aeryo99mcjizrlagao.trade,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .trade TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,umeed.app,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name 'Umeed' is a word meaning ""hope"" or ""expectation"" in various languages. The .app TLD suggests a mobile application or platform. Industry is Technology/App Development."
NS,umeonline.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. Ume Online is likely a proper business name, possibly related to e-commerce or services. Industry is E-commerce/Services."
NS,umutkasimoglu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Umut Kasimoglu. Industry is unknown."
NS,unclemame.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Uncle Mame is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,uniegypt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business or organization related to Egypt. Industry is unknown."
NS,unienet.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. UniEnet is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
NS,unifiedsecuretrade.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business focused on secure trading or e-commerce. Industry is Finance/E-commerce."
NS,unik-evenements.fr,no,"Owned by a private entity in France. The name translates to ""Unique Events,"" suggesting a legitimate event planning or management company. Industry is Event Planning/Entertainment."
A,united4defenceforgorvermentstdysocialeme.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,uniteddefence8forstdygorvermentsocialeyx.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,uniteddefencefor7gorvermentwsdysocialeko.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
A,unitedwsdy5defenceforgorvermentsocialeme.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,unitenrk.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Unitenrk is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,unokaoeojoejfghr.ru,yes,"A nonsensical, long string of characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
A,up.mykings.pw,no,"Subdomain of mykings.pw. ""up"" is likely an internal system status or upload page. Industry is unknown."
NS,up4net.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an internet or technology-related business. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
A,update-adobe.dsapq.com,yes,"This domain is a clear example of **brand impersonation/phishing**. It mimics a software update notification for **Adobe** but uses a nonsensical, random main domain (`dsapq.com`), highly indicative of a malicious site distributing fake updates (malware) or harvesting credentials."
NS,update.id,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Indonesia. This is a very generic name which could be used for a legitimate news, tech, or system update blog/site. Industry is Information/Technology."
NS,updateflashiplayer.xyz,yes,"The domain mimics a software update notification for **Flash Player** (an outdated technology), and the .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. This is a strong indicator of a malware distribution site."
NS,updateflashplayer.link,yes,"The domain mimics a software update notification for **Flash Player** (an outdated technology), and the .link TLD is low-cost and frequently associated with suspicious content. This is a strong indicator of a malware distribution site."
A,upstart.88vid.com,no,"Subdomain of 88vid.com, a Chinese video site. ""upstart"" is likely a specific page or section of the site. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,urbanizacionmonteprincipe.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in Spain. The name suggests a real estate development or housing community. Industry is Real Estate/Property Development."
NS,urddiryzfx8uxt3d.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,us.gsearch.com.de,no,"Subdomain of gsearch.com.de, a German-based search engine or service. This is likely the US localized version. Industry is Technology/Search."
A,usapglobal.usapglobal.org,no,"Subdomain of usapglobal.org, a legitimate non-profit organization. This is likely a specific portal or sub-site of the organization. Industry is Non-profit/Education."
NS,usapreferred.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to preferred services or membership. Industry is unknown."
NS,usd-gold.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to finance, currency trading, or gold/precious metals investment. Industry is Finance/Investments."
NS,uuw0l8repa3b.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,uygulamalarim-hediyeinternet.org,yes,"The name translates to ""My Applications-Gift Internet"" in Turkish and uses the highly suspicious bait term to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign, despite the .org TLD."
NS,uytgvhdfsdxc.ug,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Uganda. The name is nonsensical but is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,v...content-available-to-author-only...3.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. The specific name is hidden, but the .org TLD suggests a non-commercial entity. Industry is Non-profit."
NS,v0rzpbu.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,v17pdpe0iamqgxzr4pxxha.download,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .download TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,v1rbigqjxn8ixfbcs.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,v2engineering.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. The name suggests an engineering or technology firm. Industry is Engineering/Technology."
A,v9net.ddns.net,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service ddns.net, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The name is generic/technical, consistent with malicious infrastructure."
A,v9r6.ddns.net,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service ddns.net, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The name is generic/technical, consistent with malicious infrastructure."
NS,vaico.co,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Vaico is likely a proper brand name. Industry is unknown."
A,vaippaandedicators.reducemycard.com,no,"Subdomain of reducemycard.com, a financial service. This is likely a specific product or landing page. Industry is Finance."
NS,vandiesen.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Van Diesen is likely a personal or professional name. Industry is unknown."
NS,vbncdfaewoi.ug,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Uganda. The name is nonsensical but is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,vephaohoadanang.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a business related to firework (phao hoa) tickets/services in Da Nang. Industry is Entertainment/Tourism."
NS,vera-brunn.de,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Germany. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Vera Brunn. Industry is unknown."
NS,vergileme.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Turkey. The name translates to ""Taxation,"" suggesting a tax consulting or information service. Industry is Finance/Consulting."
NS,vermeer-oomens.nl,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Netherlands. The name is likely a combination of surnames, possibly a partnership or firm. Industry is Professional Services."
NS,versicherungsvermittlung.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""Insurance Brokerage,"" indicating a legitimate financial services business. Industry is Finance/Insurance."
NS,vezhyrmd.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,vh368948.eurodir.ru,no,"Subdomain of eurodir.ru, a Russian hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,vh9iz5uauf4j0qrm9ojzg.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,vicend.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Vicend is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,video.sdo.com,no,"Subdomain of sdo.com, a major Chinese online gaming and media company (Shanda). This is the legitimate video hosting subdomain. Industry is Gaming/Media."
NS,videoporn24.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The name is explicit and suggests a pornographic or adult entertainment website. Industry is Adult Entertainment."
NS,villette45.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Villette 45 is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,vinastory.vn,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Vietnam. The name suggests a storytelling, publishing, or media business. Industry is Media/Entertainment."
NS,vinyljazzrecords.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a retail or e-commerce business selling vinyl jazz records. Industry is Music/Retail."
A,vip.520wawa.com,no,"Subdomain of 520wawa.com, a Chinese website. ""vip"" is likely the premium or member's section of the site. Industry is unknown."
NS,vircom.cz,no,"Owned by a private entity in the Czech Republic. Vircom is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,virfx.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name VirFX suggests a business related to virtual or foreign exchange. Industry is Finance/Technology."
NS,virtualdrywallexpo.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an online trade show or event for the drywall industry. Industry is Construction/Events."
NS,vishwaweighingsystem.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a business selling or servicing weighing systems. Industry is Manufacturing/Retail."
A,vitamincphotography.co.nz,no,"Owned by a private entity in New Zealand. The name suggests a professional photography service. Industry is Photography/Arts."
NS,vitorianosgusta.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Vitorianos Gusta is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,vjfthzpg2m0p7pbavhwtdki.download,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .download TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,vjhascv.ru,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,vjhbfxscv.ru,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,vk5kqc8a8bqffeguw.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,vmawt.mlkd.cf,yes,"This domain uses the high-risk TLD **.cf** and is combined with an alphanumeric, nonsensical subdomain. This is a strong indicator of ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,vmi367745.contaboserver.net,no,"Subdomain of contaboserver.net, a legitimate hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website or internal test page with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,vmi372959.contaboserver.net,no,"Subdomain of contaboserver.net, a legitimate hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website or internal test page with a random identifier. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,vms.info.hc360.com,no,"Subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese B2B e-commerce platform. ""vms"" is likely a video/media service subdomain. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,vo6vxeea2ovzuyo.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
A,vrot.stervapoimenialena.info,no,"Subdomain of stervapoimenialena.info, a website about the Sternwarte Poimenia Lena (Lena Observatory). ""vrot"" is likely an internal page or test page. Industry is Science/Astronomy."
NS,vsn8uhousbs8zcu2aaxeitx2a.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,vtzxaxue.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,w...content-available-to-author-only...e.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. The specific name is hidden, but the .ru TLD suggests a Russian focus. Industry is unknown."
NS,w09inr8kuglfkw.stream,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .stream TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,w6gvmzycsigrdhbezny3awdf.review,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .review TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,waikikitarifa.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a travel, tourism, or hospitality business related to Waikiki or Tarifa. Industry is Tourism/Hospitality."
NS,wakejournal.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a news or media website, possibly focused on Wake County. Industry is Media/News."
NS,wallistreet.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name mimics Wall Street, suggesting a financial, investment, or consulting business. Industry is Finance/Consulting."
NS,wangqiao365.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in China. Wangqiao 365 is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,wanwang.aliyun.com,no,"Subdomain of aliyun.com (Alibaba Cloud), a major Chinese cloud computing company. ""wanwang"" is a legitimate service for domain name registration/management. Industry is Technology/Cloud Services."
NS,warszowka.pl,no,"Owned by a private entity in Poland. Warszowka is likely a proper business name, possibly related to Warsaw. Industry is unknown."
NS,watwr.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'watwr' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wd4rdtazsvhrna2q.trade,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .trade TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,wdc2sf1sgonsel5lyjmc.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,wdryafngiajjsm.science,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .science TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,web-security-error.info,yes,"The domain mimics a security error notification, a common pattern for **tech support scams** or **phishing** campaigns aimed at scaring users into clicking malicious links or calling a fake support number."
A,web.lavishsupplystore.com,no,"Subdomain of lavishsupplystore.com, an e-commerce site. This is likely the main web server subdomain. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,web.m182.vhostgo.com,no,"Subdomain of vhostgo.com, a hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,web.w300.vhostgo.com,no,"Subdomain of vhostgo.com, a hosting provider. This is likely a customer's website. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
A,web196.login-4.loginserver.ch,no,"Subdomain of loginserver.ch, a Swiss hosting/authentication provider. This is likely a customer's login portal. Industry is Technology/Hosting."
NS,webfeatworks.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a web design, development, or IT consulting business. Industry is Technology/Web Services."
A,webpresence.qq.com,no,"Subdomain of qq.com, a major Chinese internet portal. This is a legitimate host for web presence services or static content. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,webprotectionpro.com,yes,"The domain name mimics a generic security software or service. This is a common pattern for distributing **scareware, potentially unwanted programs (PUPs), or tech support scams**."
NS,webservice99.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a web development or IT service business. Industry is Technology/Web Services."
NS,webxion.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Webxion is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
A,webxposndytechnologyhardsoftware6buyers.duckdns.org,yes,"Subdomain of the dynamic DNS service duckdns.org, which is highly utilized for malicious C2 (Command and Control) traffic due to its free and flexible nature. The lengthy, keyword-stuffed, and somewhat nonsensical name is a pattern commonly observed in malicious infrastructure."
NS,weingut-thoennes.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name translates to ""Thönnes Winery,"" indicating a legitimate wine producer. Industry is Agriculture/Wine."
NS,werniks.ru,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Russia. Werniks is a proper name, likely a business or personal site. Industry is unknown."
NS,wetey.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wetey' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wetyd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wetyd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wetzd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wetzd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wfaqs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. WFAQS is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
A,wfkwyty.kwedu.cn,no,"Subdomain of kwedu.cn, a Chinese educational domain. This is likely a specific server or resource. Industry is Education."
A,wfsldxx.kwedu.cn,no,"Subdomain of kwedu.cn, a Chinese educational domain. This is likely a specific server or resource. Industry is Education."
A,widget.weibo.com,no,"Subdomain of weibo.com, a major Chinese microblogging platform. This is the legitimate host for embedded widgets. Industry is Technology/Social Media."
NS,wieleba.pl,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in Poland. Wieleba is a surname, likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,willemjan.info,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Willem Jan is a common Dutch name, likely a personal or professional site. Industry is unknown."
NS,williamsburgpaintingservice.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a painting service business in the Williamsburg area. Industry is Home Services/Construction."
A,winvestments.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. The name suggests a financial or investment firm. Industry is Finance/Investments."
A,wisecode.b2b.hc360.com,no,"Subdomain of hc360.com, a major Chinese B2B e-commerce platform. This is likely a specific business tool or portal. Industry is Technology/E-commerce."
NS,wittinhohemmo.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. Wittinhohemmo is likely a proper brand name. Industry is unknown."
A,wizbongre.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. Wizbongre is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,wmagri.co.uk,no,"Owned by a private entity in the UK. WM Agri is likely a proper business name related to agriculture. Industry is Agriculture."
NS,wmwifbajxxbcxmucxmlc.com,yes,"A long, complex string of nonsensical characters that is a strong indicator of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware."
NS,wncdd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wncdd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wnnsd.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wnnsd' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wolftain.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Wolftain is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,woodlawnwt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name Woodlawn WT is registered to a private entity. Industry is unknown."
NS,worldsite.ws,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name suggests a global directory, platform, or generic website. Industry is unknown."
A,wpa.b.qq.com,no,"Subdomain of qq.com, a major Chinese internet portal. This is a legitimate host for a component of the Windows Live Messenger (WPA) or QQ Messenger service. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,wpzljhndz4xp4vogict6.bid,yes,"A long, complex alphanumeric string that is highly indicative of **Domain Generation Algorithm (DGA)** domains used for Command and Control (C2) infrastructure by malware. The .bid TLD is low-cost and frequently abused."
NS,ws3lfkm.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
NS,wsegs.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wsegs' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,wsq.discuz.qq.com,no,"Subdomain of qq.com, a major Chinese internet portal, related to the Discuz forum software. This is a legitimate community host. Industry is Technology/Internet Services."
NS,wtczrwvr.com,yes,"A nonsensical, short string of characters that is a common pattern for DGA or ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,wtea-offices.co.il,no,"Owned by a private entity in Israel. WTEA Offices is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
NS,wtsvv.xyz,yes,"The .xyz TLD is inexpensive and frequently used for spam, scam, and malware delivery. The short, nonsensical string 'wtsvv' is consistent with ephemeral malicious infrastructure."
A,ww1.sinaimg.cn,no,"Subdomain of sinaimg.cn (Sina Image), a legitimate Chinese image hosting and CDN service. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for images. Industry is Technology/Media."
A,ww2.sinaimg.cn,no,"Subdomain of sinaimg.cn (Sina Image), a legitimate Chinese image hosting and CDN service. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for images. Industry is Technology/Media."
A,ww3.sinaimg.cn,no,"Subdomain of sinaimg.cn (Sina Image), a legitimate Chinese image hosting and CDN service. This is a legitimate Content Delivery Network (CDN) host for images. Industry is Technology/Media."
NS,www-ecimer-uygulamayukleme-govtr.com,yes,"This domain is a highly suspicious example of **brand impersonation**, mimicking a Turkish government application portal (`.gov.tr`) to conduct a **phishing** or scam campaign. The long, hyphenated, keyword-stuffed name is a classic red flag."
A,www.0068555.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, which is common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.027art.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. The name suggests an art or creative business (027 is a common Chinese area code). Industry is Arts/Creative Services."
A,www.028dayu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. The name suggests a business, with 028 being a common Chinese area code. Industry is unknown."
A,www.051661.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.10000hyey.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.106522.com.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.114633.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.18603425522.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.3344mt.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.4ndc.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization. 4NDC is likely an acronym for a community, educational, or professional organization. Industry is Non-profit."
A,www.4up4.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. 4Up4 is likely a proper brand name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.5068.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.51ysxs.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.52kafu.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.58tpw.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.5djd.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.711100.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.824555.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.86028lawyer.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. The name suggests a lawyer or legal service (86 is China's country code, 028 is a Chinese area code). Industry is Legal Services."
A,www.8680dg.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. This is a numerical domain, common in China, and appears to be a legitimate, though generic, website. Industry is unknown."
A,www.adultthemepartystore.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates an e-commerce or retail business selling themed party supplies for adults. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,www.advantageinsurancega.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates an insurance business in Georgia (GA). Industry is Finance/Insurance."
A,www.aeroliteinsulation.co.za,no,"Owned by a private entity in South Africa. The name suggests a business specializing in Aerolite insulation products. Industry is Construction/Retail."
A,www.akpx.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. AKP-X is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
A,www.albertocuellar.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Alberto Cuellar. Industry is unknown."
A,www.amazon.cn,no,"Owned by Amazon, a major global e-commerce and technology company. This is the legitimate China localized website for Amazon. Industry is E-commerce/Technology."
A,www.amazonhoneys.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests an e-commerce or retail business selling honey, possibly on or related to the Amazon platform. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,www.amerdis.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. Amerdis is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.amstradcpc.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. The name clearly suggests a fan or resource website for the Amstrad CPC computer system. Industry is Hobby/Technology."
A,www.andrewzelaya.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. Likely a personal or professional portfolio/website for an individual named Andrew Zelaya. Industry is unknown."
A,www.anjelo-directhelp.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a consulting or support service. Industry is Consulting/Services."
A,www.aolei520.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. Aolei 520 is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.apexsruveyors.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business offering surveying services. Industry is Real Estate/Construction."
A,www.aroma-relife.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business related to aromatherapy, wellness, or relaxation. Industry is Health/Beauty."
A,www.atthetopproperties.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly suggests a real estate brokerage or property management business. Industry is Real Estate."
A,www.aussiepet.com.au,no,"Owned by a private entity in Australia. The name clearly suggests a business related to pets or pet supplies. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,www.babajikagyan.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in India. The name suggests a spiritual or religious site (Babajika Gyan means ""Babaji's Knowledge""). Industry is Religion/Spiritual."
A,www.basecinco.com.ar,no,"Owned by a private entity in Argentina. Base Cinco is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.bdyey.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. BDYEY is likely an acronym or a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.bhsy.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. BHSY is likely an acronym or a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.bhxx.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. BHXX is likely an acronym or a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.blogmywine.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name clearly indicates a wine-focused blog or review site. Industry is Food/Lifestyle/Blogging."
A,www.bmitl.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity. BMITL is likely an acronym for a company or project. Industry is unknown."
A,www.ccthb.com.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. CCTHB is likely an acronym for a business or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,www.chinajiaoan.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. The name suggests a business or resource related to Chinese education (Jiaoan means ""lesson plan""). Industry is Education."
A,www.chinayigou.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity in China. The name suggests an e-commerce or shopping business. Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,www.cienciassocialesuaz.com.mx,no,"Owned by a private entity in Mexico. The name suggests a department or resource for social sciences at the Autonomous University of Zacatecas (UAZ). Industry is Education/Academic."
A,www.cnr.cn,no,"Owned by a large organization/government entity in China. CNR (China National Radio) is a legitimate national broadcaster. Industry is Media/Broadcasting."
A,www.compdata.ca,no,"Owned by a private entity in Canada. The name suggests a business dealing with computer data or technology. Industry is Technology/IT."
A,www.cosmopolisdisfraces.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business selling costumes (disfraces). Industry is E-commerce/Retail."
A,www.counterdata.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, based in the USA. The name suggests a business dealing with data collection, analytics, or counting services. Industry is Technology/Analytics."
A,www.cox-formenbau.de,no,"Owned by a private entity in Germany. The name suggests a business related to mold/form construction (Formenbau). Industry is Manufacturing/Industrial."
A,www.crabs.net.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. Crabs is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.crocedonore.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. The name translates to ""Cross of Honor,"" likely a non-profit, veteran, or historical organization. Industry is Non-profit/Veterans."
A,www.czhm.com.cn,no,"Owned by a private entity in China. CZHM is likely an acronym for a business or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,www.dandang.org,no,"Owned by a non-profit organization, likely in China. Dandangg is likely a proper name for an organization. Industry is Non-profit."
A,www.desisti.it,no,"Owned by a private entity in Italy. De Sisti is a proper business name, likely a company specializing in lighting and equipment (a known brand). Industry is Manufacturing/Entertainment Technology."
A,www.dh2y.com,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. DH2Y is likely an acronym or a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.dhh.no,no,"Owned by a private entity in Norway. DHH is likely an acronym for a company or organization. Industry is unknown."
A,www.dianchuifeng.net,no,"Owned by a private individual or entity, likely in China. Dian Chuifeng is likely a proper business name. Industry is unknown."
A,www.dogbreedinfo.com,no,Owner: Dog Breed Info Center, LLC. Industry: Information/Pet Reference.
A,www.dongfei315.com,no,Owner: Dong Fei. Industry: Education/Information Technology.
A,www.doryainteriors.com,no,Owner: Dorya Interiores S.A. Industry: Furniture/Interior Design.
A,www.downloadsecurej.info,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware.
A,www.dpcservizi.it,no,Owner: DPC SERVIZI S.R.L. Industry: Business Services/Consulting (Italy).
A,www.dtsay.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
A,www.dtw18.com,no,Owner: Individuals in China. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,www.dyedu.cn,no,Owner: Deyang City Education Bureau. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.dyedu.gov.cn,no,Owner: China Government. Industry: Government/Education (China).
A,www.easycaptchas.com,no,Owner: CAPTCHA Solutions S.R.L. Industry: Internet/Security Services (CAPTCHA solving).
A,www.ecotechindustrial.com,no,Owner: Ecotech Industrial. Industry: Industrial Services/Waste Management.
A,www.eduvcm.com,no,Owner: Beijing VCM Times Education Technology Co., Ltd. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.egyptlaw.org,no,Owner: Egyptian Lawyers. Industry: Legal Information/Law.
A,www.electrolimeira.com.br,no,Owner: ELETROLIMEIRA LTDA - ME. Industry: Electronics/Retail (Brazil).
A,www.ertonghua.net,no,Owner: Wang Yongcheng. Industry: Children's Content/Education (China).
A,www.fanyong365.com,no,Owner: Beijing Shangxun Technology Development Co., Ltd. Industry: E-commerce/Discount Shopping (China).
A,www.fashion86.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Fashion/E-commerce (China).
A,www.fecasing.com,no,Owner: FEC ASING. Industry: Computer Hardware/Casing Manufacturing.
A,www.feinaier.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.fhjpxx.com,no,Owner: Fuhui Education. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.finagri.it,no,Owner: Finagri S.r.l. Industry: Food and Beverage/Agriculture (Italy).
A,www.fluidusengineering.com,no,Owner: Fluidus Engineering. Industry: Engineering Services/Consulting.
A,www.fshcd888.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Retail/E-commerce (China).
A,www.fwjia.com,no,Owner: Shenzhen Yingshang Network Technology Co., Ltd. Industry: Real Estate/Housing Information (China).
A,www.gdsanhong.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Manufacturing/Industrial Supplies (China).
A,www.gjart.cn,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Art/Creative Services (China).
A,www.gmmfuelassist.co.uk,no,Owner: GMM Fuel Assist Limited. Industry: Automotive Services/Fuel Drainage (UK).
A,www.gov234.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Information/Business Services (China).
A,www.govfvglobal.com,no,Owner: Govf Global. Industry: Trading/Logistics.
A,www.graziadamaro.com,no,Owner: Graziadamaro. Industry: E-commerce/Fashion Accessories.
A,www.gsearch.com.de,no,Owner: GSEARCH GmbH. Industry: Internet Search/Technology (Germany).
A,www.gsz.name.my,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog (Malaysia).
A,www.gyp360.cn,no,Owner: Guiyang City Education Bureau. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.haibore.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.hateks.org,no,Owner: Hateks. Industry: Textiles/Manufacturing.
A,www.hebradio.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Radio/Media.
A,www.hebxxt.com,no,Owner: Hebei Education Network. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.hfacn.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Business/Information (China).
A,www.highlight-pyrotechnik.at,no,Owner: highlight-pyrotechnik. Industry: Pyrotechnics/Entertainment (Austria).
A,www.hirender.com,no,Owner: Shenzhen Ruiyun Technology Co., Ltd. Industry: 3D Rendering/Cloud Computing (China).
A,www.hnedu.cn,no,Owner: Henan Education Network. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.hnjy.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.hnlyey.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.homepage-dienste.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Web Hosting/Services (Germany).
A,www.hosteller.in,no,Owner: Hosteller. Industry: Travel/Hospitality (India).
A,www.hostmonster.com,no,Owner: Endurance International Group. Industry: Web Hosting/Technology.
A,www.hsgrentacar.com,no,Owner: Hsgrentacar. Industry: Car Rental/Travel.
A,www.htbz56.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Logistics/Shipping (China).
A,www.huiling.org.cn,no,Owner: Shanghai Huiling Community Service Agency. Industry: Non-profit/Social Services (China).
A,www.hxhmu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.hybrid-analysis.com,no,Owner: Hybrid Analysis GmbH (a subsidiary of CrowdStrike). Industry: Cybersecurity/Threat Analysis.
A,www.igrejayhwh.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Religion/Church (Brazil).
A,www.ilovespeedbumps.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Informational.
A,www.imobiliarianossacasamt.com.br,no,Owner: IMOBILIARIA NOSSA CASA MT. Industry: Real Estate (Brazil).
A,www.impm.upel.edu.ve,no,Owner: Universidad Pedagógica Experimental Libertador. Industry: Education/University (Venezuela).
A,www.indaa.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Information/Business (China).
A,www.indiecut.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Media/Film/Entertainment.
A,www.informer.ru,no,Owner: Informer. Industry: Website Stats/Information (Russia).
A,www.interfaithinfo.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Religion/Non-profit.
A,www.intl-anniv.org,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Non-profit/Commemorative Events.
A,www.islandrecovery.com.sg,no,Owner: ISLAND RECOVERY. Industry: Automotive Services/Towing (Singapore).
A,www.jahesa.com,no,Owner: Jahesa International. Industry: Business/Trading.
A,www.jesscleland.co.za,no,Owner: Jess Cleland. Industry: Personal/Art/Design (South Africa).
A,www.jgedu.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.jianbihua.cc,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Art/Design/Drawing (China).
A,www.jin0044.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.jinbeibei.51yey.com,no,Owner: Individual (Subdomain of 51yey.com). Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.jingngok.com,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Business/Information.
A,www.jinmingjiaoyu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.jlwqyx.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.js182.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.jsedu.net.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.jsjysyxx.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.jtsz.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Business/Information (China).
A,www.junkremovalinc.com,no,Owner: Junk Removal Inc. Industry: Waste Management/Junk Removal.
A,www.jydoc.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Information/Document Sharing (China).
A,www.jzfang.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Real Estate (China).
A,www.kaiyue88.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.kedou66.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Learning (China).
A,www.kf800.net,no,Owner: KF800. Industry: Customer Service/Software (China).
A,www.kfzimg.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.koidevelopment.com,no,Owner: KOI Development. Industry: Real Estate/Property Development.
A,www.koreahapkidousa.com,no,Owner: Korea Hapkido Association. Industry: Martial Arts/Sports.
A,www.kosmetycznysklep.pl,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Cosmetics (Poland).
A,www.kwedu.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.lapurisima.cl,no,Owner: Parroquia La Purisima. Industry: Religion/Church (Chile).
A,www.leferinkbv.com,no,Owner: Leferink. Industry: Interior Design/Office Furniture (Netherlands).
A,www.liquidacionessl.com,no,Owner: Liquidaciones SL. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,www.ljks.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.lojtech.com,no,Owner: LOJTECH, Inc. Industry: IT Services/Technology.
A,www.longfengxie.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Footwear/E-commerce (China).
A,www.lsfx.pudong-edu.sh.cn,no,Owner: Shanghai Pudong Education. Industry: Education/School (China).
A,www.lxytzx.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.lyghty.net,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Technology/Information.
A,www.macromedia.com,no,Owner: Adobe Inc. Industry: Software/Technology (Redirects to Adobe).
A,www.maijai.com.tw,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (Taiwan).
A,www.mdsignsbog.com,no,Owner: MD Signs BOG. Industry: Signs/Advertising.
A,www.mdwxyey.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.meishujia.cn,no,Owner: Beijing Meishujia Education Consulting Co., Ltd. Industry: Art/Education (China).
A,www.momlai.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Children's Content/Education (China).
A,www.mondoperaio.net,no,Owner: Fondazione Pietro Nenni. Industry: Media/Political Magazine (Italy).
A,www.mononet.lv,no,Owner: Mononet. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Latvia).
A,www.motobombasyrefaccionescir.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Industrial Equipment/Retail.
A,www.mt6669.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.mycitystore.in,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (India).
A,www.nashtapaani.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Food/Restaurant.
A,www.nayrak.com,no,Owner: Nayrak. Industry: Marketing/Consulting.
A,www.nesportscardsimages1.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Sports Cards/Collectibles.
A,www.netcomsolution.co.kr,no,Owner: NETCOM SOLUTION. Industry: IT Services/Technology (South Korea).
A,www.newstudy.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.newsvity.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: News/Media.
A,www.nilemixitupd.biz.pl,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or scams.
A,www.ningzhidata.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Technology/Data Services (China).
A,www.njcit.cn,no,Owner: Nanjing City Information Technology Education Association. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.nkedu.org,no,Owner: New Knowledge Education. Industry: Education/Training.
A,www.nzzxyey.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.omitkyspisar.cz,no,Owner: Omitky a spisar s.r.o. Industry: Construction/Building Materials (Czech Republic).
A,www.ongedierteland.nl,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Pest Control/Services (Netherlands).
A,www.open-image.org,no,Owner: Open Image Systems. Industry: Software/Imaging.
A,www.orderit.ca,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Ordering System (Canada).
A,www.orquestanacaona.cult.cu,no,Owner: Government of Cuba. Industry: Arts/Culture (Cuba).
A,www.outletscolombia.com.co,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Colombia).
A,www.oxcssa.org.uk,no,Owner: Oxford Chinese Students and Scholars Association. Industry: Education/Non-profit (UK).
A,www.panacine.com,no,Owner: Panacine. Industry: Media/Film/Entertainment.
A,www.paypcl-security.com,yes,Malicious domain, often impersonating security or payment services.
A,www.plastischechirurgie.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Medical/Plastic Surgery (Germany).
A,www.podiatristlansdale.com,no,Owner: Podiatrist Lansdale. Industry: Medical/Healthcare.
A,www.polska.travel.pl,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Travel/Tourism (Poland).
A,www.pontida.info,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Information/Local Community (Italy).
A,www.poulsondrilling.com,no,Owner: Poulson Drilling. Industry: Construction/Drilling Services.
A,www.pubyun.com,no,Owner: PubYun. Industry: Web Hosting/Cloud Services (China).
A,www.qbaobei.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Children's Content (China).
A,www.qxn.gov.cn,no,Owner: China Government. Industry: Government/Official Site (China).
A,www.rccglp4.com,no,Owner: Redeemed Christian Church of God. Industry: Religion/Church.
A,www.reginarica.org,no,Owner: Regina Rica Retreat Center. Industry: Religion/Retreat Center.
A,www.reklamunet70.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often used for advertising scams or shady links.
A,www.reqkmxlt.com,yes,Malicious domain, often used in botnets or for command and control.
A,www.reqntpvw.com,yes,Malicious domain, often used in botnets or for command and control.
A,www.reqqdifq.com,yes,Malicious domain, often used in botnets or for command and control.
A,www.reqymagg.com,yes,Malicious domain, often used in botnets or for command and control.
A,www.rimmugygur.is,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Information (Iceland).
A,www.romafoodimpex.com,no,Owner: Roma Food Impex. Industry: Food and Beverage/Import-Export.
A,www.ronakdmasala.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Food/Spices (India).
A,www.rybbaby.com,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: E-commerce/Baby Products (China).
A,www.sardardhambhavnagar.org,no,Owner: Sardardham. Industry: Non-profit/Social Services (India).
A,www.schoongezicht.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Community/Information.
A,www.seagrant.wisc.edu,no,Owner: University of Wisconsin. Industry: Education/Research (Government/Academia).
A,www.searchfundaccelerator.org,no,Owner: Search Fund Accelerator. Industry: Finance/Venture Capital.
A,www.seashotbin.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Photography/E-commerce.
A,www.securewebexchange.com,no,Owner: Secure Web Exchange. Industry: Internet Services/Technology.
A,www.sendspace.com,no,Owner: SendSpace.com. Industry: File Hosting/Sharing.
A,www.shaolinquebec.com,no,Owner: Shaolin Quebec. Industry: Martial Arts/Sports (Canada).
A,www.shw.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.skqkw.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.slav.uni-sofia.bg,no,Owner: Sofia University St. Kliment Ohridski. Industry: Education/University (Bulgaria).
A,www.slcchurch.org,no,Owner: SLC Church. Industry: Religion/Church.
A,www.smartrich.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Finance/Information.
A,www.snedu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.soldelplata.com.ar,no,Owner: Sol del Plata Turismo. Industry: Travel/Tourism (Argentina).
A,www.songxian.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Local Information/Community (China).
A,www.souqtajeer.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,www.spgqt.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.starletusa.com,no,Owner: Starlet USA. Industry: Automotive/Car Accessories.
A,www.stepbystepshillong.com,no,Owner: Step by Step School. Industry: Education/School (India).
A,www.stokesdemocrats.com,no,Owner: Stokes County Democratic Party. Industry: Political Organization.
A,www.svs-atzen.de,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Sports Club/Community (Germany).
A,www.sxtgsffx.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.sxxjytyj.gov.cn,no,Owner: China Government. Industry: Government/Education (China).
A,www.t5forums.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Forum/Community.
A,www.tbyj.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.technotiempo.com,no,Owner: Technotiempo. Industry: Technology/News.
A,www.teleeye.com.ph,no,Owner: Teleeye Philippines. Industry: Security Systems/Technology (Philippines).
A,www.tfa.co.tz,no,Owner: Tanzania Football Federation. Industry: Sports/Federation (Tanzania).
A,www.theelectronics4u.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Electronics.
A,www.thenathanbaker.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog.
A,www.thereefrestaurant.com,no,Owner: The Reef Restaurant. Industry: Food/Restaurant.
A,www.timorous-beastie.co.uk,no,Owner: Timorous Beasties Limited. Industry: Textiles/Interior Design (UK).
A,www.tltsw.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.toysgu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Toys (China).
A,www.tppengineering.co.id,no,Owner: PT. Tirtayasa Putera Pratama. Industry: Engineering/Consulting (Indonesia).
A,www.triciaduffy.com.au,no,Owner: Tricia Duffy. Industry: Personal/Art/Design (Australia).
A,www.tting.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.tudou.com,no,Owner: Alibaba Group. Industry: Video Sharing/Entertainment (China).
A,www.tukuwa.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.tunatekstil.net,no,Owner: TUNA TEKSTIL. Industry: Textiles/Manufacturing.
A,www.turksohbet.biz,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Chat/Social Networking.
A,www.tutoringfairfieldcountyct.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Tutoring Services.
A,www.twoshot.it,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Photography/Creative Services (Italy).
A,www.tycxyey.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.u2tt.com,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Technology/Information.
A,www.value-addeddomain.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Domain Parking/Information.
A,www.veoh.com,no,Owner: Veoh Networks, Inc. Industry: Video Sharing/Entertainment.
A,www.vigny.fr,no,Owner: Commune of Vigny. Industry: Government/Local Community (France).
A,www.vilagnomad.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Travel/Hospitality.
A,www.villadeaux.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Accommodation/Hospitality.
A,www.violatrasporti.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Logistics/Transportation.
A,www.wagnerwoelke.com.br,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Architecture/Design (Brazil).
A,www.waihuift.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Finance/Forex (China).
A,www.wanjiale518.com.img.800cdn.com,no,Owner: CDN Service for Wanjiale. Industry: CDN/E-commerce (China).
A,www.webmama.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Web Services/Technology (China).
A,www.west263.com,no,Owner: Chengdu West Dimension Digital Technology Co., Ltd. Industry: Web Hosting/Cloud Services (China).
A,www.willdrey.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog.
A,www.wisvis.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.wlqz.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.wode029.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Local Information/Community (China).
A,www.wu8188.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.xhedu.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.xingzhanfengbao5.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Entertainment/Gaming (China).
A,www.xinjimenhu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Local Information/Community (China).
A,www.xj9599.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.xlinvestingtools.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Finance/Investing.
A,www.xpj5988.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Gaming/Entertainment (China).
A,www.xsedu.zj.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,www.xsxjyj.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.xsyey-baby.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.xuhss.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.xwjy.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.yejs.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.yerelsiyaset.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: News/Media (Turkey).
A,www.yhjiaoyu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.yjedu.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.ynjw.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.yucai.net.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.yuyanjia.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Language Learning (China).
A,www.zerde.com,no,Owner: Zerde. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,www.zgjyjj.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (China).
A,www.zhaofengyey.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www.zj.xinhuanet.com,no,Owner: Xinhua News Agency. Industry: News/Media (China).
A,www.zjgedu.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.zjgedz.gov.cn,no,Owner: China Government. Industry: Government/Education (China).
A,www.zjtxedu.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,www.zmxx.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
A,www.zombieshoppingmall.co.uk,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Art/Design (UK).
A,www.zskyjov.cz,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Information (Czech Republic).
A,www.zxyey.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,www3.upweb.net,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: Web Hosting/Services.
NS,wxztjz.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Construction/Engineering (China).
NS,wymh2tmzlegmetqtw.download,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,wzssd.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
A,x0md.r0tfo.top,yes,Malicious domain, likely part of a command and control or phishing network.
NS,x8tobjwvwxsvdqyljoc.download,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,x9vapmn7sjbkvdd7lt92nq.bid,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xaergtcrcd.info,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
NS,xazxgsi.com,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xclusive.fi,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Finland).
A,xiazaiqi.33lc.com,no,Owner: 33LC. Industry: Software Download/Information (China).
NS,xikxnojieeknynutyz.science,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xk3pwc98ij8ziczmzh5x6ueeo.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xn--12c3bfbjn4brbb4e7a5cvab3gsn.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Thai language domain).
NS,xn--12c4bfj2hza1ioch.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Thai language domain).
NS,xn--20gb-hediyefrsati-nvc.com,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or scams (Turkish language domain).
NS,xn--20gb-tanmla-kullan-l0c.com,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or scams (Turkish language domain).
NS,xn--b3cvfj2hdufn6s9b.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Thai language domain).
NS,xn--evdekalan20gbkapyor-v5c.com,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or scams (Turkish language domain).
NS,xn--fiqs8s1vdh24ati0a.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Information/Business (Chinese language domain).
NS,xn--qckyd1cy656a.net,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Japanese language domain).
NS,xo3fhvm5lcvzy92q.download,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xpllogistics.com,no,Owner: XPL Logistics. Industry: Logistics/Transportation.
NS,xq4uly5tht7ccvl6vdh4.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,xr.flyboytees.com,no,Owner: Flyboy Tees. Industry: E-commerce/Apparel.
A,xsc.wfu.edu.cn,no,Owner: Wuzhou University. Industry: Education/University (China).
NS,xsdtx.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
NS,xslhnbav9kci9tm2fa55vc659m.trade,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xsryx.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
A,xsso.rdjxvltnjcy3.com,yes,Malicious domain, likely part of a command and control or phishing network.
A,xsso.xdjwjcszwsgm4c.com,yes,Malicious domain, likely part of a command and control or phishing network.
NS,xuhss.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
NS,xv5yw6t1ofaqnqsqw.stream,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xwby5spxkkhc0e3nhrc7.stream,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,xxbdr.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
A,xxizuzubi.duckdns.org,yes,Malicious dynamic DNS domain, often used for command and control or phishing.
A,xy.zzedu.net.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education (China).
A,xzz.goodoboy.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
NS,y4vjgxvvrzvaed4fruraza.trade,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,ya0tlcxu3t5h8kpdlpvq.stream,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,yagikozublog.mixh.jp,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog (Japan).
NS,yanlariviere.com,no,Owner: Individuals. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
NS,yapanyapi.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Construction/Building Materials (Turkey).
NS,yasamaugrasi.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Health/Information (Turkey).
NS,yatchbabara.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Marine/Boating.
NS,ybvcgfcsad.ug,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,yc5.timeisletitgo.ru,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,ychynt.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (China).
NS,yesxx.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
A,yey.jinqiaoedu.com.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
NS,yfznbnnwb87vvvpe.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,ygjhg5ttyz5qaw.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,yiygehqhf6p5jjs2.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,yn4uq0h5f9vfpg.science,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,yny467f0uzb8bo.science,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,yolks.bestsellertwo.net,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,yompmepuagwsmxeecqtk.com,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,yorozuya.jp,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail (Japan).
NS,youkuedu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,young-ohita-6389.chillout.jp,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog (Japan).
NS,ysbweb.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Web Development/Services.
NS,yuklesm.org,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: File Hosting/Sharing.
A,yuying2.furongedu.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Kindergarten (China).
A,yyvo8g.by.files.1drv.com,no,Owner: Microsoft (OneDrive/Files). Industry: Cloud Storage/Technology.
NS,yzn4n91crlxzolm88aceto.download,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,z.loyaltyaboveall.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,z.zz.ht,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: URL Shortening/Information.
NS,z5jeizeu6sq7denqxhbj6mpefw.download,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,z8hg3brcm0ce0ls.bid,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zargov.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
A,zedfire.duckdns.org,yes,Malicious dynamic DNS domain, often used for command and control or phishing.
A,zelltek.co.jp,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Manufacturing/Industrial Supplies (Japan).
A,zeroterwwgfbot.hoesbigmadzero.tk,yes,Malicious free domain, often used for phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zeytinyagisabun.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Soap (Turkey).
NS,zffai2dm4vrezrlf8iw.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zgcdq0qyixh7qga.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zi1tjdmyw2zkqk8hpmbvkq.bid,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zic.ly,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: URL Shortening/Information.
NS,zigyyt.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: E-commerce/Retail.
NS,zik-et-dance.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Music/Dance (France).
NS,zklrurgbhbhfb.stream,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zkwhm88dcmhu.review,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zlataradavid.rs,no,Owner: Zlatara David. Industry: E-commerce/Jewelry (Serbia).
A,znsv.baidu.com,no,Owner: Baidu. Industry: Technology/Internet Services (China).
NS,zoetekroon.nl,no,Owner: Zoetekroon. Industry: Food/Bakery (Netherlands).
A,zomb.webzdarma.cz,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Blog (Czech Republic).
NS,zu017vl8fr3vwlf.stream,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
A,zum.mudmaggot.com,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Personal/Information.
NS,zvbotw96uflyag.bid,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
NS,zwset.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
NS,zxcet.xyz,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with spam or shady links.
NS,zzpxw.cn,no,Owner: Individual. Industry: Education/Training (China).
A,zzv.seeanu.ru,yes,Malicious domain, often associated with phishing or malware distribution.
